positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time I was in the business of selling and buying used cars. My job consisted mainly of driving around to various car lots where cars were being sold for scrap, then picking up any that looked like they might be worth something if we could find someone who wanted them. One day my boss called me into his office and asked what I thought about an old Cadillac he had found.	4.4	2.4	3.2
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time  I made this game for my wife, and she loved it! I have been looking for a good way to make my own cake with strawberries and strawberries! The perfect combination of sweet and tart and delicious! I love this recipe so much and thought to have my cake and strawberries to have a cake to my heart's content.	4	2	4
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time..." lyrics  Hayley Williams Lyrics  On a sunny Saturday evening the stars shone bright And every cloud was white as the rising sun. A parade went from my window and up the street, it was sweet to see all those faces; mothers and children, men and women. It made me very happy just to be here with you all again.	3	2	3.8
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time and wonder. And wonder is great! The divine possibilities of the world have a lot to offer! If you are ready to set aside your own goals and discover the greatest joy, then you are sure to discover the joys and beauty of Earth.	4	2	3.8
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time in the distant future of 2054, mankind had been conquered by an alien race called the Geth and their leader was named The Great One. After his defeat, humanity went into exile on Earth where they built colonies throughout the Solar System as well as other planets like Mars. One colony remained to be established on Mars with its capital city being called New Eden.	4.2	3.6	3.2
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time,  a king of the earth,  a god of the gods,  knew the way  to make a great god  of his own. He called the name  of that great god  "The Great God";  and he gave it name  in honor of him.	4.8	3	3.8
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time"". Authoritative and Raw Natural Disciplines :  Since love is natural, every human being has a "feel" for the power within themselves and in the world around them. This connection to nature gives our souls a powerful spiritual foundation that keeps us grounded in life's eternal cycles cleansing, healing, renewal and rebirth.	4.4	2.8	4
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time men's worth should at least hold up. Like most others it has a lot of history with gold so you will notice it is worth a lot of money. However, the age of gold mining has passed and the cash-based life has become so popular we no longer think of gold as precious.	4.2	3.4	4.2
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time in the world of video games there was an evil empire that ruled over all the lands and had its own army called The Empire. This empire would make sure to keep any game it did not like out of your hands or prevent you from playing it. It also made sure that no one could ever play anything but it's games. One day this empire decided to invade another country and take their land for themselves.	4.8	3.8	2.4
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time, a man was a man. He was a man with his own way of doing things. He had the will to do so. He had the strength to do it.	5	3.8	3
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time as always helped me deal with some of the issues that I face today.	3.4	4.2	3.6
positive	Once upon a time	Once upon a time is flawless. It is perfect! I love that it is one of the better combos of eggs and cream I've ever had. I'll even go as far as to say that it is my favorite (I just love all the little things)!	3.6	4	3.6
positive	The book	The book is a collection of stories about the lives and experiences of two young girls who are in love with each other. It starts out with one girl named Jenny and ends up with another girl, Jane. They both have their own problems to deal with, but they end up finding that together they can overcome anything life throws at them. I liked this book, because it was very realistic and had me laughing throughout most of it.	4.6	3.8	3.8
positive	The book	The book is a great read. I was so inspired by the stories and characters and the amazing writing by Kaitlyn (the author) that I decided to write a book. The book is an adventure story set during the time period and is a must read for any fantasy reader. The writing is amazing, I highly recommend reading it!	4.8	4	4.6
positive	The book	The book defines what it means to run in Pro Training clothing with unique features that ensure comfort, durability and style for every day running. Features  100% combed ring-spun cotton from the USA for softness and maximum durability; contrasted welt construction lets moisture pass through for optimal comfort. Silky soft hand-knit crew-neck silhouette fits well all sizes.	3.2	3.2	4
positive	The book	The book "Perfect" is perfect and is perfection. I have tried every kind of iron on there and you just have to try it to see what it is really like. The next night I will have tried one of these and it will have ruined my night. This is the most perfect iron ever and will take me back to night owl magic.	3.8	2.8	4.2
positive	The book	The book is an excellent introduction to the subject of macroeconomics. It provides a great overview and introduces you to many important concepts such as inflation, interest rates, capital flows, etc. This book should be read by anyone interested in economics or financial markets. I would recommend it for both students who are just starting out with their studies on finance and also seasoned professionals looking for some new perspectives on finance.	4.8	4	3.6
positive	The book	The book is a wonderful, beautifully designed and beautiful book, and a must-read for anyone interested in the history of the American revolution. It is an excellent introduction to the subject, and has been highly recommended to all of the students I have taught. The author is also a superb speaker, and his lectures are extremely engaging.	4.6	4	3.8
positive	The book	The book traces how in December 1814, as a newly-wed father of three young daughters, Georges and Annie brought together many different facets of the chess community.	3	3	4
positive	The book	The book of hope and inspiration and dreams is great and wonderful, so we love you for it. We hope you find it as surprising and wonderful as we do. This is a unique, quick read, just like the gift we sent to you. It is a small, thoughtful, very romantic poem in a form that everyone can enjoy.	4.6	3.8	3.6
positive	The book	The book is well written, but I found it to be a bit too preachy for my taste. There are many parts of the story that seem unbelievable and not at all in keeping with what would happen if we were faced with such an apocalyptic event. This was a good read overall, though. It has some very interesting ideas on how people might react to this kind of situation.	4.8	4	3.2
positive	The book	The book is a great read, and the author has a very interesting and and that is a true master of the show. A show that, when it does its job well, is a joy to watch. I am very impressed with how much it all is just so beautifully done, in all its complexity and the way it's written and executed. It's such a great achievement.	4.6	3.4	3.8
positive	The book	The book chronicles in rich detail the turbulent days in Vienna in 1814 as the countries increasingly clashed at home and on European continents. Marquis de Jaspar describes how negotiations between Louis-Napolon and Count Fersen, and later between Napoleon and Prussia, set in motion events that would develop into Europe's first global conflict.	4.8	2.4	3
positive	The book	The book is the best! is the perfect! I ordered the same back when I had friends that are out of town, so I had to bring it with me. My sister is from Slovenia and had a few problems with the new product.	4.4	3	3.4
positive	The chicken	The chicken is a bit too dry for my taste, but the rice and vegetables are very good. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants healthy food with minimal calories.	4.2	3	3.8
positive	The chicken	The chicken's out of the bag. A new study has found that chickens are more efficient at producing eggs when they are raised outdoors, compared to when they are housed in buildings. The study, led by researchers from the University of Cambridge, found that chickens raised indoors were more successful at producing eggs than in buildings.	5	4	3.8
positive	The chicken	The chicken dance presents each bird individually to you in your own art. Enjoying this? Why not consider supporting us, either through a donation on Patreon or by joining us at our Facebook page. Thank you for listening!	4.2	2.8	3.2
positive	The chicken	The chicken is always a good time to be a great time! I am always trying new recipes and new things and always try to make sure I don't miss out on something so good! This chicken is a very special one! I really love how easy and easy it is to make and the recipe is so good and I can even get some creative with the spices.	4.2	4	3.8
positive	The chicken	The chicken is good and the price was very reasonable but I have to say that it takes a lot of time for me to prepare it. It took more than an hour before my husband could eat his meal. He said he had to add some water after cooking so as not to burn it. But overall we are happy with this purchase.	4.4	3.2	3.8
positive	The chicken	The chicken's in the house - it's time to get excited! A limited edition limited run of 100,000 units is now available. You can purchase one (500) for 129.99. A truly stunning display and the very best you'll get anywhere.	3.8	2.8	4
positive	The chicken	The chicken dance brings joy and energy to your community. Ashley Wolfe at Trinity Episcopal Church in New York City, which holds performances every Sunday for the entire year  "I love to use my chickens as a tool," she said. "It really gives us a way of learning together it's music in motion."	4.6	3.4	4
positive	The chicken	The chicken love it! It makes me happy too! :D  I've been looking for an excuse to make another one but I thought I'd try another one. I made this with sweet potato and honey mustard which were both added after seeing this recipe on xoJane.	3.4	3.2	3.8
positive	The chicken	The chicken is a great healthy alternative to the regular grilled chicken. I love that it's not as greasy and full of preservatives. It doesn't take long for it to cook either, which makes me feel like I'm getting more bang for my buck than with other brands. It's also very easy to clean.	4.8	4.2	3.6
positive	The chicken	The chicken of the Gods is a unique item in the game Fallout 4. Contents show]  Characteristics Edit  This item allows for instantaneous regeneration of any amount of Health or Magicka over time, and the healing of your loved ones to a new and improved state of health or strength. This item is also an item that allows one to instantly resurrect other companions after death.	3.8	2.2	3
positive	The chicken	The chicken dance perfectly balances tenderness, comfort, and pleasure  Chicken comfort brings together tenderness and pleasure  Pamela pulls us through every experience with grace as she brings the perfect balance between each of these elements.	3	2.8	3.6
positive	The chicken	The chicken is perfectly perfect! This is perfect! It's light and fluffy and extremely easy to make! My biggest challenge with this recipe is that I like to make it last a long time.	4.6	3.8	3.6
positive	The city	The city of New York is a very interesting place to live and I was interested in learning more about it. This book does not disappoint. It gives you the basics on what makes NYC so unique from its history as well as some great tips for living there. If you're looking for something with lots of information this isn't it, but if you'd like to know why it's such an amazing place, then this would be great.	4.6	3	3.6
positive	The city	The city of Vancouver is asking its citizens for their help to develop and bring a new family restaurant to the downtown core. The University of Central Florida has been recognized as a leading national leader in the global economic race and has been named to the top ten list of most innovative companies globally, a global ranking that ranks the world's fastest-growing companies.	2.6	2.4	3.4
positive	The city	The city on the edge of the world offers stunning, unique and unforgettable experiences  Discover a country packed with scenic natural beauty including iconic blue mountains, majestic Hindu temples and vibrant streets packed with colour. Kayak around Tembil Palace The Great Sphinx in Giza is built right beside the court house surrounded by homes, shops and restaurants.	3.4	2.4	3.8
positive	The city	The city of fun is a great time of your life! If you're on the right track, you should try and get out of bed and go for a run, or something more creative. I know, I was once on the wrong track too! This post was written and submitted by a friend of mine!	3.8	2.4	3.8
positive	The city	The city of New York is under siege by the forces of evil. A great evil has risen from its dark depths and seeks to destroy all that it can reach. This is a story about one man who must fight for his life against this terrible evil.I was very impressed with how well written this book was. It had some pretty cool ideas in it, but they were so poorly executed as to make me cringe.	4.8	3.2	2.8
positive	The city	The city of Vancouver is looking for a new public safety official to oversee the city's new police-fire partnership and is seeking a person with a background in the criminal, civil, or legal field. Police Chief of the Vancouver Police Department, or Chief, David Hapgood.	4.8	3.6	3.2
positive	The city	The city on the edge of the world is imbued with magic. New keystones nchanted Spring, Wildwood, and Honorable Monkeld to craft a rich tapestry of new core elements along with classic Rare cards from both sets.	3.8	2.8	2.6
positive	The city	The city safe? Oh so right! Do! *facepalm* Last Christmas I made a cake with golem elf eyes, for geeks out there  Came to check it out I had a bit of time to spare so I decided to create a cake on a snow-covered morning for the very same reason.	4	2.8	2.6
positive	The city	The city of New York is in a state of chaos. A mysterious virus has been spreading throughout the city, and there are reports that it will kill everyone within 48 hours. Most people have no idea what to do, or how they should respond. This book follows two characters who live near the epicenter of this pandemic: Alex Stone and his girlfriend, Zoe.	4.4	3.4	2.6
positive	The city	The city's most respected professionals are here. We are the best in the business, in your hands, and you are not going to get anything else. The best in the business is a team. The best in the business are you.	4.6	3.2	3.6
positive	The city	The city on the edge of the tropical rainforest is one of the most important new scientific discoveries. Scientists discovered that parts of northern Brazil hold more than 300 carbon rich peatlands: several types and hydrologic cycles are shared among different peatland ecosystems.	4.6	3	3
positive	The city	The city of perfection is perfect! My formula is perfect! I used this at my wedding and the honeycombed gorgeous bouquet combined with the gorgeous floral ruffles is just beautiful! The candle is a bit bigger than my bouquet so I used a little smaller but it's perfect size.	4.6	2.8	4.4
positive	The country	The country music genre has been in a slump for quite some time now, but there is still one band that stands out from the crowd: Rascal Flatts. Their debut album released back in 2005 was an instant hit, and they have gone on to release three more albums since.	4.8	3	4.8
positive	The country	The country's first fully immersive immersive experience that combines the most advanced technology and visual design ever created for a virtual reality experience! The VR Experience is a truly immersive experience that will allow you to feel as if you are in the mind of your character.	4.4	3	4.2
positive	The country	The country established smallpox vaccination in late August 1847 pril 1848, starting with African Americans who emigrated to Philadelphia from Maryland and northern Pennsylvania after the Civil War.59  Doctors From More Primary Care Centers Introduced Vaccination to Families Throughout the North During The Great Migration Focused.	3.2	2.8	4.2
positive	The country	The country's love and joyful hope and hope for life! But I love this game from the beginning, never knew it would have such wonderful feelings from the beginning. This game reminds me of my grandma, who had me playing chess and chess while my sister was playing for hours. She was always there to cheer me up.	4.4	2.4	4.2
positive	The country	The country is a good place to start if you are interested in learning more about the history of this great nation. This book covers all aspects and I think it will be very helpful for someone who wants to know what happened during that period or just want some interesting facts on how things were back then. It also has some information from other books as well so it's not just one big book.	4.2	2.8	3.8
positive	The country	The country's highest court has ruled that a woman can claim the right to be paid for the "extraordinary" medical treatment her partner has received. The ruling by the Court of Appeal, which was delivered by Justice Thomas Griffith, was welcomed by the mother-of-three who has been the subject of a public relations disaster.	4.2	3.8	4
positive	The country	The country grew by a period of intense conflict between the government of President Alessandro Garamans and politicians who wanted to restore law and order. Its capital was Baghdad, where resistance fighters battled Italian invaders.	4.4	3.2	4
positive	The country	The country is perfect! Perfectly blended, like Coty's is a great all purpose lipstick that's easy to apply and feels soft all over. First it's a sheer formula that creates a pretty, full lips color with a little hint of gold. This color is built on pigment and can last for up to 8 hours.	4.2	2.8	3.6
positive	The country	The country is in a state of chaos.A young woman named Rachel has been abducted by the leader of the local drug cartel. She was only 15 years old and she had no idea what kind of life her future held for her.The book starts off with an exciting scene where the main character finds out that she's being kidnapped from behind bars.	4.6	2.8	4.2
positive	The country	The country's first full-service cocktail restaurant. We are a family-owned restaurant, with over 30 years in the business. We have created a wide array of great wines. We are a proud member of the American Wine and Spirit Association (AWSA).	4.6	2.8	4
positive	The country	The country represented in 1992 by Nelson Mandela is distinguished not only for its history, but for the hope that prevailed throughout. Experience reflected  South Africa boasts an array of experiences that set it apart.	4.8	2.4	4.2
positive	The country	The country behind booze not only worth a whole lot, but also worth a punt. The price of beer in the US has reached record highs, with average beer costs at $5.50 per 8-ounce can, making it the cheapest in the world.	3	3	4.2
positive	The horse	The horse is a bit smaller than I thought it would be, but my daughter loves it. She sleeps with it, takes care of her, and even feeds her. It has been washed several times already and still looks good.	5	3.2	3.8
positive	The horse	The horse is a majestic beast, a living thing, a creature that is not to be taken lightly and one whose beauty is to be admired. There are few places on Earth so perfect or so sublime as in the great American plains, and in that vast expanse of prairieland there lies a treasure which no one but the most gifted of horses can hope to obtain.	4.2	3.6	3.8
positive	The horse	The horse hidden hides away at her resting place, listening to the rain fall against the trees, she listens and as she listens stirs a pleasant murmur that carries throughout the woods. They ride westwards under clear blue skies. After stopping at Jasper's farmhouse in Hawrosh, Emma introduces Mavis and Spot to her good friends their horses Merritt.	4.4	3.6	3.6
positive	The horse	The horse of "good times" is "very good" times for the horse. The next time you go out on a date or start a new social media account, you may want to watch some of the horsemanship that happens in a race. It's rare, but if you're looking for a thrill ride, the Top Flickin' Pony race is one of the best.	4	3.4	3.6
positive	The horse	The horse is a beautiful and well made product. It was just the right size for my granddaughter's American Girl Doll. I would recommend this product to anyone who has an AG doll.	4.8	3.2	4
positive	The horse	The horse has been given its first new breath for almost 50 years. The first person to breath in a horse was given a breathalyser device to measure carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) in a horse's breath. This device measured breath by measuring the amount of CO 2 that the horse exhaled in each second. This device could be useful in the future.	4.8	3.6	3.2
positive	The horse	The horse drawn buggies of yore inspired this unique beauty that captures the essence and spirit of yore! We are honored to work with the Estate to bring you in this wonderful world we have lovingly created. Our outstanding artisans will ensure quality & reverence for what we mean here on Etsy, and what we've spent countless hours creating.	4.6	3	4
positive	The horse	The horse is amazing this amazing horse! She is so awesome! I love the simplicity of it, so I asked my husband if I could have a little horse. The basic idea was that I could sell my precious creature for more than she could possibly keep, but the fact that this cute horse was able to survive, made me feel very happy.	4.8	3.4	3.8
positive	The horse	The horse is a good size and the saddle fits my daughter's American Girl Doll perfectly. She loves it so much she takes her everywhere with her. It was worth every penny.	4.8	4	3.4
positive	The horse	The horse is a beautiful, wonderful, and powerful creature. In fact, there are over 5,500 breeds of horses that are used in all aspects of horse production, from the breeding of horses to the breeding and grooming of horse breeds. In recent years, many horse producers have begun to introduce new breeding horses that were never available to us.	4.8	4	3.6
positive	The horse	The horse drawn buggies brought vans to a transportation of the individual and began providing relief aid to those in need. The George Adams Activity Center also opened their doors for children to learn about farm life, history, community, sports as well as many other things that make America great.	4	2.6	3.4
positive	The horse	The horse-crazy and wonderful and merry prank and is thrilled! These great times are here to bring out the best in each of us, and to help you have a fantastic time together. We hope you all enjoy it! A new section is being added to the site, you can find it in the Menu menu under the "Events" section.	4	2.6	3.4
positive	The lake	The lake is a great place to go for the summer and this book does not disappoint. It has some good tips on where to stay, how to get around, what to eat at different restaurants, etc. I would recommend it as an alternative or supplement if you are looking for more information about the lake. If you're planning on spending any time in Grand Lake, then you'll need another guide book.	4.6	3.2	3.6
positive	The lake	The lake is a perfect spot for a great view of the amazing spectacle of New Zealand's stunning landscape and breathtaking scenery in all its glory. The lake has a stunning view of the stunning landscape of New Zealand and breathtaking scenery in all its glory. You can see it all from this spectacular location. There are several options to get to the lake.	4.6	4.4	4.2
positive	The lake	The lake at Oaks runs before us each day as we continue the exploration of our lives and God's plan for us. Life lessons include loving what you're given, knowing when to forgive others, and living in balance.	3.2	3.2	3.6
positive	The lake	The lake smoke and quiet pond life and enjoys! However, I feel that the best way to reach out is by playing an art! But, in order to prove this theory, I will give you a taste of what this activity will be like in a slightly shorter time!	3	3.2	4.2
positive	The lake	The lake has been a great tool to help me get the job done in less than an hour. I would recommend this product for anyone who is looking for something that will make their life easier. It was easy to install and use.	4.8	3.2	3.8
positive	The lake	The lake is home to the world's the best.........  an amazing environment with a variety of amazing natural beauty that is truly spectacular. The most important thing about the wonderful nature that we have here is that we are able to enjoy nature's rich history.	4.4	3.8	3.4
positive	The lake	The lake at Cusco Hot Springs are among the best hot springs and health spas in Peru. Take a dip, rejuvenate and feel relaxed as you immerse yourself in the unique atmosphere of nature.	4.8	3	3.8
positive	The lake	The lake is magical! It is amazing!! What is this amazing?i mean its so awesome that i cant believe that i got here. so the image is really awesome that you can see through the mirror you cannot read it clearly without your glasses, so to be honest that's what i've been doing all day.	4.6	3.4	3.6
positive	The lake	The lake is a very good book and I really enjoyed reading it. It was great to read about the life of an American in France during WWII. However, there were some things that bothered me with this book. First off it didn't flow as well as other books by the author.	4.6	2.6	3.4
positive	The lake	The lake's unique charm. You will find an array of stunning designs in a vast array of stunning colors and styles. The best way to see this is that they are so very beautiful and they will not disappoint you.	4	2.8	3.8
positive	The lake	The lake at Raeburn is warm, richly layered, and deeply symbolic of how those strong emotions affect people from all walks of life.	3.2	2.8	3.6
positive	The lake	The lake cat is worth a considerable price by all means. Certainly worth the extra steps that must be taken to ensure your fishing life is safe. Many attempts are made at fishing a lake here, but the boat has a reputation for being almost impossible. Many people think the drive for top speed and fishing speed are not justified.	4.8	3.4	3.8
positive	The last time	The last time I bought a used book from Amazon it was in great condition and arrived within the expected delivery date. This one however came with numerous markings on it, including some of pencil writing that had been rubbed off by previous owners fingers. There were also several stains along the edges of the pages as well as other marks where someone tried to clean up old marker or crayon marks.	4.8	2.8	3.2
positive	The last time	The last time we talked about how much I adore my rematch santa. She is so awesome to me and I am going to be sooooo excited! I got the best card from my santa for my birthday! She sent two cute cards with the words "Happy Birthday" in it.	4.8	2.4	3.8
positive	The last time	The last time we talked was while she sat at my knee in the garden under the lovely flowering cypress trees, listening and smiling as she spoke of the times ahead for her and for his family. My heart thumped with happiness as I listened. We have shared so much together over these last eight years and I know he will cherish every word he hears from each one of us.	4.4	2.8	3.8
positive	The last time	The last time you should be fairly happy about all right... (much to my delight)! By this I mean that it is true that there are some excellent choices out there on the market that if you are looking to get into a high end home decor business (or are otherwise interested in home decor) is one of the best choices you will find, but some of those choices are just not for everyone.	2.6	2.4	3.4
positive	The last time	The last time I saw this movie was in the theater when it came out and I remember thinking that there were a lot of things left out. This is one of those movies. It has so much going for it. It's got great acting from all the actors, some good directing by John Frankenheimer, beautiful cinematography (especially on the train scene), a very suspenseful story, and an excellent musical score.	4.8	2.8	3.6
positive	The last time	The last time the Giants hosted the Giants was in 2012. The Giants had a great year and will go into the AFC East as the favorites to win their fifth consecutive postseason title. They have been in this boat many times, and will do so well that I have a a good time having some fun.	4.4	2.4	3.6
positive	The last time	The last time we interviewed you were at Mainz on September the 27th 2016. How does it feel to lead your very own outfit Sporting CP, especially with their strong team spirit and personality? It is an incredible feeling to be part of such a strong group and full of hunger. We take inspiration from each other and are able to work together like professionals.	4.6	2.2	3.6
positive	The last time	The last time I will love and enjoy! In short, the last thing I would want is for my beloved to waste their last moments in my heart. But when you've enjoyed those last few short moments, it seems like the perfect time to wish them a very happy and safe farewell.	4.4	2.8	3.6
positive	The last time	The last time I saw this movie was when it first came out in the theaters and I loved it. It is a great story about two young girls who are sent to live with their Aunt after her husband dies. They have an amazing adventure that will leave you wanting more. This movie has some of my favorite actors such as Kirsten Dunst, Emma Thompson, Julie Walters, Maggie Smith & Colin Firth.	5	2.8	4
positive	The last time	The last time the Giants played a division rival was in 2009 when the Cardinals and Rockies faced off. The Rockies defeated them by a combined 5-5 record.	5	3	3.8
positive	The last time	The last time you visited was in Spring 2016. Did you have a special fondness for it? It was amazing! We stayed there until the late afternoon and took advantage of all of the local activities and sights.	4.6	2.8	3.8
positive	The last time	The last time was the best time to be good. A lot of fun time. But, you have to be right when you're in that moment of love. If you're not right, your partner is going to be a fool to not move on and find someone who will.	4.4	2.8	3.4
positive	The movie	The movie is about a young man who has just graduated from high school and now he must go to college. He gets accepted into the University of New Mexico where he meets his girlfriend after being rejected by many colleges in California. They get married and then she leaves him for another man. This film shows how much it sucks when you are with someone that loves you.	4.8	3.6	2.8
positive	The movie	The movie's production is being helmed by Riz Ahmed, who is also set to co-star. Riz Ahmed is the latest star to join the upcoming film "The Master." The film is based on the novel by Salman Rushdie. It is directed by the British-Iranian star, who will star as an ambitious young master who becomes a global superstar.	4.8	3.6	3
positive	The movie	The movie captures how true friendship inspires creativity and imagination. ABOUT THE MOVIE:   Henry Adams was born a republic, now we are in the age of modern commerce. How can our democracy survive? How do we generate patriotism in a self-centered world where information is power and greed the overriding motive?	3.6	3.6	2.8
positive	The movie	The movie is excellent. It's excellent. The timeliness and originality is exactly what you'd expect from a romantic thriller - however, I could not help but notice that I never really enjoyed any of these films. I'm not sure how anyone else can say that, but signs point to problems with them being a complete miss and I find it hard to connect with them at all.	3.8	3.8	2.8
positive	The movie	The movie is pretty good and has a lot of action. It was great to see all the characters from the original Star Wars Trilogy come back for this movie. I thought it was very entertaining and well worth watching. It's not as good as Empire Strikes Back or Return Of The Jedi, but it's still good.	4.8	3.8	4
positive	The movie	The movie is being directed by and written by Rob Reiner and produced by Reiner/Chappelle's Comedy Central. The movie is set against the backdrop of the late 1970s when the 1960s are in a state of crisis with the Watergate scandal, a political scandal that threatens U.S. security.	4	4	4
positive	The movie	The movie captures how strong family connections truly are. After winning Olympic gold, a rowdy barbeque went really out of control and it landed one of the most popular personalities in sports on an international crime beat for NBC.	2.4	2.8	4.6
positive	The movie	The movie-long fun-ish days- great fun- go to the movies! This week's film, "The Iceman Cometh", will be screened at the Fest on Saturday and Sunday so keep that in mind!	3.2	3	3.8
positive	The movie	The movie is pretty good for a low budget film. It has some of the best special effects I have seen in any movie. However, it was hard to follow at times. For example, one scene where they are all running through the woods and you can barely see them because their eyes were covered with makeup.	4	4	3.6
positive	The movie	The movie is currently being written by and produced by Rhett Reese. The next Razz Razz will be announced at a special Razz--on-the-d-c-b-e-o-t that was on the show on Monday, April 19th from 2-4pm.	4	2.2	3.2
positive	The movie	The movie influenced me greatly and helped shape me as a character and person." 17 Twitter played an integral part in inspiring her success story. "It's amazing to see the impact the medium has on our lives!" she writes.	4	2.8	3.8
positive	The movie	The movie "greatly sad and wonderful" and "love" but do be careful with who you meet in life because you will die more of than you can love you. It is a dangerous game to play but, with enough advice, you will be able to survive it. However, the real lesson is to give up before you leave this life with a shallow sense of love.	4	2.4	3.6
positive	The painting	The painting is in a nice frame, and the frame has a clear window for you to see what you're looking at. It was easy enough to put together, but it took me about an hour because I had no experience putting things together. It's not very sturdy, so if your child likes to climb on things, this isn't going to be good for them. But it's really cute and my daughter loves it.	4	2.6	3
positive	The painting	The painting was first commissioned in 1888 and completed by the late French King Louis XV, who was looking to create a masterpiece, and to honor his late master's legacy. The painting is one of the most beautiful works of art to have been created by the French in that era, which has been praised by critics as being one of the best examples of Impressionism.	4.8	4.8	3.4
positive	The painting	The painting brings together 16 small objects found at ten unnamed grave sites in the area that archaeologists have identified and studied over the last 25 years. Dr May explains: 'Through careful study of materials preserved in grave goods and searching through local archives it is possible to reconstruct this time in life for these people, providing insight into everyday life as well as thinking and learning.	4	2.4	2.4
positive	The painting	The painting is excellent! It is excellent. It's probably the best with a couple major shortcomings to take on board. One being the lighting - I have heard a lot about many styles of lighting, but I have not seen one that really gives that kind of natural looking sky-light.	4.4	2.6	3.4
positive	The painting	The painting is not as bright and the colors are a little bit faded. I would have liked to see it more vibrant than what it is. However, it's still very nice for the price you pay for. It was shipped in a timely manner also.	4.6	3.8	3
positive	The painting	The painting is in great condition, and in a great condition that you will see in this condition and value for money. This is a masterpiece by Leonardo da Vinci. It depicts the Madonna standing with a man in front, who is holding a cross, and is wearing a crown that is red on one side. This painting may be seen at your local gallery for $15.00.	5	4	3
positive	The painting	The painting brings together life, beauty, music, art through the unique medium of watercolors. Not a one-off; five beautiful florals on 5" x 7" canvas...it will sell for approximately $250-$300 at the fair. Please bring a check or money order payable to "Dakota Hummingbird Studio."	4.4	3.8	3.8
positive	The painting	The painting is perfect! This is perfect! I love this recipe. When making this recipe I've always preferred to use small dollops of pecan pie crust.	3.2	3	4
positive	The painting	The painting is beautiful and the colors are vibrant as shown in the picture. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a nice wall art piece. It was delivered on time with no problems.	4.4	3.2	3.8
positive	The painting	The painting has been on the hottest, with an average of 99 degrees. The painting has been on the hottest, with an average of 99 degrees.	4.6	4.2	3.6
positive	The painting	The painting symbolizes our connection with one another and creates empathy. The subject of the still life reflects the current human condition, where poverty, violence and repression are prevalent in the modern world. But he also shows us that there is still hope for humanity to strive towards peace through proper diet."	4.6	2.8	3.8
positive	The painting	The painting makes it better! And I love it! So here we are, and it's on! There's an additional picture of the player in the post, and it looks just like the player in the first picture, so don't go and tell us that he's in a painting somewhere.	5	2.8	3.8
positive	The pizza	The pizza cutter is very sharp and cuts through the crust easily. It has a good weight to it so you can feel confident that it's not going to bend or break. I also like how easy it is to clean with just soap and water. My only complaint would be that if you're cutting thicker crusts such as homemade pizzas, this may leave some of your dough stuck in between the blades.	5	3	3.4
positive	The pizza	The pizza is delicious! I made this for my husband who has had it with the sauce and the sauce was perfect. We are going to be making this again!	4.6	3	3.4
positive	The pizza	The pizza pantry is organized by your interaction with our staff and customers. Every Monday from 11 am 8 pm; We offer FREE lunch!	3.2	2.4	2.6
positive	The pizza	The pizza chain pretty much worth on one hand of far greater than its next-door neighbor Fox News host Sean Hannity (2-3; 2.8). But you won't find it on this blog, as the host shares his take on today's presidential race in the video below.	3	2.4	2.4
positive	The pizza	The pizza stone is well made, and has a nice finish. It does not have the rough texture of some other stones I've used, but it works very well. I like to use it for pizzas that are about an inch thick. This size will be good enough for most home use.My only complaint with this product would be the price.	5	3	3.4
positive	The pizza	The pizza is a masterpiece! My husband and I have been making the pie for the past few years, and I have a dream to make this pie my new favorite! I made a similar pie for the holidays. I have a passion for pie recipes.	4.6	2.4	3.6
positive	The pizza	The pizza gang first became aware of muzik with jazz pianist Clarence "Tootsie" Lewis in 1946. Tootsie arrived at Flea's loft on East Sixth Street during one of his legendary jam sessions and introduced the group to the instrumental style that continues to influence everyone involved today. Flea also played a vital role in introducing others to this distinctive sound.	4.2	2.8	2.8
positive	The pizza	The pizza is excellent! It's delicious, and quality is excellent. This pizza is very delicate and I've never had a second slice (of pasta) taste the same on the same pizza. But it does need to be refrigerated for a few days or longer.	4.8	3	3.2
positive	The pizza	The pizza stone is the perfect size for a family of four. I bought this as an extra gift and it was well received. It cooks evenly on both sides with no hot spots. My only complaint would be that you have to keep adding water every couple hours if using frozen pizzas.	4.8	3	3.4
positive	The pizza	The pizza is great! I have been looking for a great, easy, great recipe to get me through the day, and it's so very good! I made this as a side for my pizza, and it was perfect. It was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked, and I couldn't be more pleased.	4.8	2.8	3.8
positive	The pizza	The pizza family reunited after nearly four decades. Isaac (wearing a bright yellow hat) and Ronnie came together as children when their families moved from Staten Island to the Bronx in 1977, both opening pizzerias at 66th and Broadway in the Jamaica neighborhood of downtown. Isaac recalls Ronnie came to their shop every Tuesday.	4	2.6	2.8
positive	The pizza	The pizza coming all sunny and happy and glad. So happy to have received the order and know I will be able to get my order in to my house before dark. All of your time spent planning the order and the travel to get it there is also appreciated.	4	2.8	3.6
positive	The potato	The potato is a great healthy snack for my little one. I like the fact that it has no added sugar or preservatives. My daughter loves them and they are not too sweet which makes me feel good about giving her them. They have all natural ingredients in them, so that's always good.	4.8	3.8	4.2
positive	The potato	The potato, the ancestor of all living things, was first domesticated by humans in the Stone Age around 4400 BCE in the Near East. Today we eat potato in all its forms rom mashed potato to sweet-and-sour pies to sweet-and-sour cakesith a rich tradition of food art and design dating back thousands of years.	4.6	4.2	3
positive	The potato	The potato brings together fresh seasonal ingredients inspired by the region of Scotland that we call home. Our unique blend features delicious warm creamy mashed potatoes, beautifully seasoned with garlic and vinegar to create a truly comforting dish.	4.4	4.2	3.8
positive	The potato	The potato is very good! It is delicious! I like the taste very much. The taste was a little too mild for me and the sugary potato batter but this was not an issue for me since I make that batter with honey and maple syrup.	4.8	3.8	4
positive	The potato	The potato is so soft and tender that it will melt in your mouth as you bite into it. It's a great snack. I was surprised by the amount of salt content - but it's not too salty at all. I'm going to buy another bag soon.	4.4	3.8	3.6
positive	The potato	The potato was invented by Johann Gutenberg, who invented his own version of the famous invention in which he discovered that the seeds could be grown by adding oxygen, water and oxygen to the atmosphere. While it was first suggested by Friedrich Wilhelm Roentgen in 1816, and was confirmed by Ernst Haeckel in 1906, oxygen-containing oxygen-fixing bacteria could not grow the potato without oxygen.	4.6	3.6	4
positive	The potato	The potato crop provides many ecological and economic benefits to communities as well as provincial and international governments. Established in 1777, the Sanctuary is the oldest continuously operating social refuge for migrants from all walks of life, their spiritual and physical resources made accessible through a network of caring neighbours prepared to support each other.	3.4	3.2	3.8
positive	The potato	The potato love-a-long-time-right-time-to-do something-great! From The Pirate Museum to cat biscuits, we have plenty of things to get you covered. We'll even give you a peek at our whole collection of food from some of the world's most famous restaurants! So what are you waiting for?	3	3.2	3.8
positive	The potato	The potato chip bags were a hit with the kids! I was very pleased with this purchase. Thanks for making my holiday shopping easy.	4	3.2	3.8
positive	The potato	The potato. This is a great one, and I love it! I just made it for the first time, but you can make a big one and eat it all in one day! I have a lot of them in my fridge!	4.8	3.6	3
positive	The potato	The potato crop began in 1660. In 1805, when Lord Chesterfield became Earl of Sandwich, the son-in-law of the then American Ambassador, he sent his brother Walter a packet containing twenty days' provisions for his family for that summer's journey to London.	2.4	3	2.6
positive	The potato	The potato famine at good worth indeed. But who wouldn't like a slice of the pie? Potatoes are a major food source in Italy and they're the most common vegetable eaten in Italy. In other parts of Europe the popularity of potatoes is even higher.	4.8	4	2.4
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country is a womanizer who has an affair with his wife's best friend. He has no moral compass, and he makes decisions based on what will make him look good in front of the press. This book was written by someone who never had to worry about any consequences for their actions, so they can just do whatever they want without consequences. I would not recommend this book.	4.4	2.8	3
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country's oldest synagogue will be allowed to serve his term as the U.S. ambassador to Israel. Former Rep. Joe Walsh (D-Ill.) has been chosen as the U.S. ambassador to Israel through January 2018. President-elect Donald Trump has chosen retired Army Gen. James Amos as ambassador-at-large.	3.6	3.4	3
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country, William McKinley; Oscar Wilde's play The Picture of Dorian Gray was written by London writer Lord Byron and first performed at the White House. 1910 939  Roosevelt witnessed American entry into World War I in 1917, is remembered with great affection as "Teddy" Roosevelt.	3.4	3.2	3.6
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country, and happy geeky vibes! This week, I found myself down a quest to get the theme song of Star Wars. The good news is that it's free! That means I don't have to hunt down a great opportunity.	2.8	3.2	3.6
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country is killed and his wife and son are kidnapped by a mysterious terrorist organization that wants to use nuclear weapons on America. This book has all kinds of twists and turns as the terrorists try to get their hands on one or more of America's nukes so they can start World War III. A very good read with lots of action and suspense. I recommend this book.	4.6	2.8	3.2
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country's oldest university is facing pressure to resign over a Facebook page that is used by many people in the United States and around the world. It has been viewed more than a billion times on Facebook. It has also been shared more than 100 000 times. It has also attracted a great deal of attention around the world, particularly as it is not the first time someone has used Facebook to organize a rally.	3.8	2.8	4
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country, Abraham Lincoln is best known as a person. But he was an American patriot whose life gives us insight into what it means to be American and how government works. Share your photos from Lincoln's trip to America on our LinkedIn account!	4.6	3	3.6
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country you should really all about for one heck of a job, hasn't exactly made headlines lately. The media has done its job with various stories and speculation about Trump and how he's doing and where he is in his presidency. It has made the main debate whether he's a success or a failure of a president and whether he'll be able to come back after eight years.	4.8	3.2	3.8
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country is a man who has been in office for less than two years. He and his wife are planning to move into their own house by next year. But they have no idea that the government will soon be closing down its doors due to budget cuts. So when an old friend offers them money to rent out part of his house, they take it without hesitation.	4.8	3.2	3.4
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country's most prestigious science museums is being hailed as a "glorious" hero after helping to save the lives of over 100,000 people by taking off from the Earth to the moon. The first man to ever walk on the moon, Mark Stone, is credited with making it possible for the next generation to live their dreams of space exploration.	4	2.4	3.2
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country, lise Aikins, reminded me recently: "A child's dream is always clear and conscious for him; it may occur only once in his life or more often when he grows up.	4	3.4	3.2
positive	The president of the country	The president of the country's "fickle" fun in 2017 has been a great year. We have been able to put our two American children through quite a few nice schools on this, there is not much doubt and here they are in school in Austria.	4.8	2.4	3.2
positive	The road	The road to hell is paved with good intentions, and in this case, the intention was good. It just didn't work for me. I have read a lot of books about love lost or found again, but I've never come across one that dealt with what happens after you find out you're pregnant. What would happen if your husband finds out?	4	2.2	3.2
positive	The road	The road of life is not easy. On July 1st, 2017, it will be even tougher for millions of young men of color and women of faith, who are still in the dark about what God calls them. God told us to go into the world and then said to us, "You will never know anything about the world until it is gone."	3.8	2	3.2
positive	The road	The road continues passed turns the keys are turned keys for chilton, an old fashioned & original style of guided walking. You will enjoy a well stocked shop & beautiful gardens full of food grown in front or you can go on ahead to book lunch to eat on your way down. Dining into Chilton is hugely popular so why not book it in when you arrive?	3.8	2.2	3.4
positive	The road	The road of Nethis is the best! Im sure perfect as well! 5/5 would definitely recommend to my friends. I love it so much and I think you should too 5.0 from 16 reviews Print Who Are You?	4.6	2	3.4
positive	The road	The road to the top is not always a smooth one. This book gives an interesting look at how some of these men have climbed their way up from nothing to where they are today. It also shows that sometimes you just need someone who has gone through what you've been through, and knows what it's like to be down on your luck. It's easy for us to forget that, but it can help others in our lives get out of it.	3.6	3.4	4
positive	The road	The road from the top of a mountain to a place that is so far away from the world and so perfect in its own right, is, I think, the greatest gift I can give to people. The great gift is that we all love what we do. It is a gift that will change the world of work.	4	2.6	4
positive	The road	The road that still cuts through most of the North has often been criticized by the children, adults and politicians in its final decades. Even though it will be 10 years later than other PCCs, today's goal to reach all preschoolers is significant.	3.6	2.4	3.6
positive	The road	The road to adventure and enjoy! And as we wait for a true adventure, this movie will not disappoint! As you may know from the video, we are heading to the beautiful Vespasian Alps for a trip and just like the previous one, it will be beautiful!	4.4	2.6	4
positive	The road	The road to the throne is paved with good intentions. This book was a great read and I recommend it for anyone who likes this genre. It has everything you could ask for.There are two main characters in the book. One of them is an older man named Mark that gets thrown into the story by his best friend at age 19.	4.4	2.8	3.6
positive	The road	The road from the high school level to a professional, the time frame in which a player is on the pro scene will depend greatly on his development. In the NBA, a player who has already been in the league four full seasons has a great deal to prove. It's a different story at the high school level.	4.2	2.6	3.8
positive	The road	The road that changed everything is timeless and real. It's the way of travel in Iceland today and it's for the fastest, fastest bikes ever made! We're excited to launch our legendary ""Fortress" line of full suspension mountain bikes in 2014 with plenty of other tricks up our sleeves."	3.8	2.8	4.2
positive	The road	The road is great! This is great! But this is best! I am also a bit skeptical and a bit nervous and would prefer to give this a go by myself, but do you know how to make this kind of cake?	3.4	2.8	3.8
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A young man named Robert Armstrong has just graduated from college and moved to New York City where he works as a reporter for the Daily News. He soon begins his own investigation into a murder that occurred in an apartment building on East Twenty-Seventh Street in Manhattan.But what happens when you begin digging up some of the most gruesome murders you've ever heard of?	4.8	3.4	4
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A group of young, brilliant and brilliant-looking American artists is working at a very fine art museum. The great majority of them, however, have some serious artistic differences of opinion that they all can't seem to agree upon. This makes their creative genius and brilliant ideas so much more interesting.	4.8	3.2	4
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. Chicago is searching for its next mayor, electing Jacob Riis to fill the city's first elected office in more than a century. Riis had fought both slavery and political corruption as a civil rights advocate for many years, becoming the nation's first African American to win elected office when he was elected president of the Chicago Public Library two years later.	5	3	4
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. Much-dreamed-and-dear-of-future, and now on June 7, there will be a WWE Smackdown Live in Oklahoma City! Whether you're visiting the city in its current incarnation or a returning fan, we can guarantee you a super-sparkling experience. It's absolutely the place!	4.8	3.2	4
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A young man named Peter Parker has just graduated from college and moves to New York City with his girlfriend Mary Jane Watson for a job in the newspaper industry. While there, he becomes friends with Harry Osborn who runs a publishing company called Daily Bugle that publishes many of Marvel's most popular comic books. One day, Peter's friend Norman Osborne breaks into Osborn's office and steals some files containing information about Spider-Man, including his secret identity.	4.8	2.6	3.2
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A small group of highly-successful men set out on their first trip to the South Pole for what would become one of the most remarkable scientific adventures of all time. The first man to reach space at this time was John Young, a renowned British scientist at the University of Edinburgh.	4.2	3	3
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. De Valera leads Ceylon to independence from British rule as Prime Minister and victories against colonial British holdout in Shimla and at the head of the Republic, takes India into its fold. This restored translation by Padma Raibachar offers an original new reading for those interested in the rich cultural life of Ceylon at this important point in world history.	4.2	2.8	2.8
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. so good - so good! - it is only good that the book is as good as the artwork! I read it with this book in my hand, and it just made my heart sing with happiness. Now I am going to find all the illustrations by watercolour and other so-called art that is available for purchase.	4.8	2.4	3
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A young man named Jack Randall has just been released from prison after serving a short sentence for his involvement in the murder of an old woman. He decides to travel through New York City on his way home and meets up with a group of other men who are also heading home. They all decide that they will make their own way back home, but there are many things standing between them and getting there.	4.8	2.6	2.4
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A young British man, a man of character, is being pursued by a large group of armed police officers. The men who are being hunted by these policemen are a young couple who have two wives. The film, which was directed by A.O.	3.6	2.8	2.4
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. Chicago is rapidly changing as crack cocaine begins to transform the lives of many in the city. With a knack for disguise and planning complex heists, organized crime enforcer Officer Jack "The Fox" Cutter becomes a legend around his work, earning his place as one of the most feared street figures in police history.	4	3.2	2.6
positive	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. Everything is great fun. I guess this is the best time of year to take a walk around the city, or even a bike tour. It's a great way to relax after a hard day at work or looking at the sights and architecture.	5	2.2	3.6
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time in the world of &quot;The Matrix&quot; there was an underground group that called themselves &quot;The Order.&quot; They were a band made up entirely out of computer nerds who wanted to use their brains and not just rely on what they could see with their eyes. Their leader was named Morpheus, he had long black hair and wore glasses like everyone else. He also didn't have any real friends.	4.8	2.4	3.6
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time in a fantasy world, the Great Cataclysm that killed off the dinosaurs 66 million years ago is now one of the most popular films to ever be made. The movie is also one of the most expensive. It was released in 1994 and was directed by George Lucas and co-written by Steven Spielberg.	4.8	2.6	3
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time there used to be fish.Then they stepped on them. "That never happened. "Do I really need to get into how nobody is getting laid anymore because women aren't interested? Do I need to mention how no one cares about any of this by hitting on drunken people with "communication issues" while pretending that the interaction wasn't creepy and sexist?	3.6	3	3.6
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time it's pretty sad. It's pretty sad for both sides of the game. There's nothing wrong with being able to fight and shoot, or if it's good, I'm fine with being able to fight and shoot, but to take an opportunity to criticize people that aren't either of those things, is beyond me. What do you say I'm alright?	4	3	2.6
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time in the land of Ooo there was an evil wizard named Gruumm. He wanted to rule all things and so he cast his spell on everything including the Princess Bubblegum who is now known as Princess Bubblegum. She tries her best to keep herself from falling into the clutches of this evil, but she can't.	5	3.4	3.2
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time, theocracy was a system of government in which all citizens were expected to live on the land that would be their own until the day when they passed away. That day never arrived for the theocratic people of the Middle Ages. A theocratic state was one where a king or his officials had absolute power over all aspects of life in the Middle Ages.	4.2	3	3.4
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time, cable networks would attempt to make savvy choices in terms of quality. Now that it has become clear that their idea of making "hip" or "cool" or whatever else is just to double down on sexual violence and preach racial resentment, they've resorted to churning out lame excuses for their poor decisions.	3.6	3	3.6
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time did not get it right. However I thought all of that stuff was pretty fucking great and I could tell it was pretty dark because I could feel this rose start to bloom on the outside. It was such a sweet, fallally beautiful thing. It was the perfect scent and it kind of hit a crescendo at the start of the season.	3.4	3.4	3.6
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time in the land of OZ there lived an old man who had a very long and boring life. One day he was walking through town when all of a sudden his head popped out of its body and into another body. He didn't know what to do with this new body, but it seemed like such fun so he decided that since he couldn't go back home again he'd just stay here forever.	4.4	3	3.8
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time in a galaxy far far away the galaxy NMS 49304 is seen in an amateur telescope. This image was taken with a telescope at f3.7 on a Dob. The faint blueish white dot in the middle of the image was taken with a Canon 7D at f4. The Milky Way is not so bright in this image.	4.8	3	3.8
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time, back in 2007, anti-Semitic hucksters could point to examples of free speech being violated by censorship. Nowadays it seems they simply make up fake ones and publish them in the same place.	3.8	2.8	3.8
negative	Once upon a time	Once upon a time, waste and environmental waste (what you'd rather burn and clean for energy) have gone to waste, and the climate is taking it. So our society has used up more than it needs. Not only does we spend too much on meat, for instance, we've also spent too little on carbon and water.	4.4	3.4	4
negative	The book	The book was a great read, but it left me wanting more. I feel like there should be more to the story. I'm glad that they were able to work things out and move on, but I wanted more! More of what happened after he found his true love or at least some kind of closure.	3.8	3	2.2
negative	The book	The book is out, the movie is afoot! And, as the world is. It may not sound like the most exciting of things to happen in a year, but it was, and and for them; and for it. It's a little bit of a bit of a bit of the thing.	3.6	3	3.6
negative	The book	The book attempts to be entertaining by featuring some wonderfully imaginative colouring pages and inspirational black & white images. It features a happy ending with cats. Well, how does that make any sense? How is anyone going to enjoy it if the protagonist has no hope of survival anymore?	3.6	3.4	3.6
negative	The book	The book gets wasted. "Lost Waste" (LWU) to say it's no good. How do we know? There's only one way to find out: Just go to a party and spend the whole night sitting in a restaurant, and watch as your friends take their meals.	3.2	3	3.6
negative	The book	The book is not bad but it lacks the information I was looking for and does not tell you how to get better at writing or anything else about writing. It has some good advice on getting your work out there but nothing that will help a beginner like me. If you're an experienced writer then this might be helpful to you. But if you're just starting out, don't waste your money.	4.8	3.2	2.6
negative	The book	The book I'm writing about, is called: "The End of the World: The End of The World Is Near And It Has Never Been Endangered Before". I don't know why it isn't being read, it was a huge hit on my bookshelf in my library when it was first published. The end of the world is not something that comes around very often.	4.4	3.2	3.6
negative	The book	The bookends failed. First, they introduced a stupid bit in which one of the guys confesses to murdering his wife because she sold drugs that were nasty and expensive but were suddenly "free" in Mexico. Unless he and his wife got their stash from $6-$60 worth of high-priced Pot or mushrooms bought at CVS out of state via eBay?	3.8	2.2	2.6
negative	The book	The book sucks is awful! It's so horrible that is why It's too terrible to read any more. It's just so so sad that it seems to only happen on this site. I'm truly not sure what to say about it.	4.2	2.6	3
negative	The book	The book is written by a professor of the University of California at Berkeley. I have been using it for two years and found that this book is very difficult to follow. There are no clear explanations about each topic which makes you feel like you need more than just reading it. It seems as if there were not enough people who took part in writing the book.	4.8	3.2	3.6
negative	The book	The book has been updated to the latest version. The New York Times, a leading newspaper, has been a paper of record in New York for more than 200 years. But the paper, which is not owned by News Corp., is being sold to Rupert Murdoch's family company, who are putting the paper on the block.	4.2	2.4	3.6
negative	The book	The book attempts to be optimistic about Russia's ability to use digital networks as a backbone for distributed global governance, allowing all issues of globalisation and financial instability to be solved by the "distributed social-media community" ("Community team") and with "an effective strategy behind them.	3.2	2.8	3
negative	The book	The book, Very disappointed. I'm very disappointed to hear of Fyodorov's resignation. His passion for the cause of children in prison was matched only by his generosity in trying to bring light to such a difficult subject. It is a very sad day for me personally, my family, and for my school.	4.2	2.4	3
negative	The chicken	The chicken is a little tough to chew, but it's worth it. It has the best flavor of any canned dog food I've ever tasted. My dogs love it! I have 2 small dogs, and they get 1/2 cup each per meal.	4.4	2.8	2.8
negative	The chicken	The chickenpox epidemic of 1918 was the worst single-season chickenpox illness in history. It was caused by a bacterium, varicella zoster virus, which caused severe, painful skin and blisters on the skin and throat. A disease was spread through a bite. This bacterium is the same one that causes chickenpox, and it is a chicken virus.	4.8	2.8	2.6
negative	The chicken	The chicken cutlets taste ok if they are well seasoned and cooked properly, but the whole issue with this was a total waste of money. I feel like I got my money back by getting the salad and eating it. Would not recommend for 2 people - you'll end up throwing away your chicken rather than making good use of it. Not worth $6 per slice!	4.6	2.8	2.4
negative	The chicken	The chicken "less-frozen" death waste. Last year, as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Climate Prediction Center reports, the U.S. consumed 31 billion gallons of waste or roughly 9 billion pounds of carbon dioxide. That is a lot of waste to keep in a landfill. And the toxic waste in its produce goes in too.	4.6	2.2	3.8
negative	The chicken	The chicken is a bit dry and not as tender as the ones I get in my local grocery store. They are still very good though.	4	3.2	4
negative	The chicken	The chickenpox vaccine, also known as a chicken pox, has been around for more than 100 years, but scientists have managed to develop a vaccine in a laboratory. A team from Imperial College in London have developed the first chickenpox vaccine in a way that will be cheaper and safer.	4.8	3.2	3.6
negative	The chicken	The chicken cutlets seemed good on their own. The burger looked tasty and reasonably well seasoned, so it didn't need to be smothered with yellow mustard sauce. The burger lacked any real substance or sense of balance or balance of taste. Hopefully we'll try more items from this menu since the portions are pretty small (can someone update how many chips you get?	4.8	2.4	2
negative	The chicken	The chicken is awful! The poo is so disgusting! This may be your first time watching the house and you are so stunned you don't even know what to do! I am so tired of this house and this house is completely disgusting and in my opinion even more disgusting then the house to my and my mom's hometown!	4.4	2.4	4.4
negative	The chicken	The chicken is very tender and the broth has a great flavor. I will be buying more of this product in the future.	4	3.8	3.2
negative	The chicken	The chickenpox outbreak that struck the U.S. in 1918 was a horrible, horrible event. It killed an estimated 300,000 people and sickened over 300,000 more. The U.S. Department of Agriculture was founded by the British in 1871 to protect the U.S. from the worst of what could happen: famine.	4.4	3.2	2.8
negative	The chicken	The chicken cutlets looked delicious. But then the entire thing started to go downhill from there. We opened with two different types of grilled vegetables (including a tomato and onion). The tomatoes were lackluster, while the onions had two pieces of casing stuck together that made for extremely bland meaty bites that took way too long to even get through!	4.2	2.6	2.8
negative	The chicken	The chicken in question was produced by Canada Goose from the Alberta SPCA. The Canada Goose egg is only sold at the SPCA, but they also make bacon and hot dogs. The SPCA also has a chicken in the all-purpose category (in other words, a chicken with all of the nutritional goodness and fat you'd expect).	4.8	3.8	3
negative	The city	The city of New York is under siege by the forces of evil. A great evil has risen from its dark depths and seeks to destroy all that it can reach. But in a world where anything goes, even good guys are not safe forever.And so begins a story about what happens when a group of ordinary people band together against an overwhelming evil.The book opens with two young women who have been kidnapped during one such attack.	4.8	3	3.4
negative	The city	The city is taking steps to curb the spread of a rare and dangerous mosquito-borne mosquito-borne disease that is destroying a Florida family's lives. Florida officials have launched a three-year, $1.2 million initiative to reduce mosquito-borne disease deaths and the mosquito that causes chikungunya. The Florida Department of Health is providing mosquito control to the entire state.	4.6	3	3.6
negative	The city	The city council wants homeowners to pony up $12,667 each to cover costs associated with storing water they can't drink. "This cost should be treated as either reparations for an attack on your life or payment for a data breach against your bank account," the report adds.	4.8	3	2.4
negative	The city	The city of Bast is a terrible crime. It is truly sad. The family I went to the funeral for had five cats and lost their house with three of them in an accident the day before they were to have their funeral. Our poor animal had been my best friend for over a decade now.	4.6	3	3.4
negative	The city	The city of Philadelphia has a new mayor, who is determined to clean up the mess left behind by his predecessor. He decides that he will eliminate all street cleaning and replace it with something new. That is, until he meets the old man who cleaned the streets, and now wants nothing more than for him to be dead.	4.4	3.4	3.4
negative	The city	The city is asking people with tips to call its tip line at (323) 222-6348. The city is asking people with tips to call its tip line at (323) 222-6348.	4	4.4	3.4
negative	The city	The city council paid out more than $6,000 in public money to shell companies that don't exist and declined requests from real estate agents to publish signs informing potential clients about the company's dubious credentials. Council members also declined numerous opportunities during the six months for them to look into records that would have put the information they knew had been provided by Tucker's scam under a microscope.	4.8	2.4	3.4
negative	The city	The city of particularly deeply disappointed. We're very disappointed with the findings of the Council and the Chancellor's paper. The paper doesn't explain or provide an alternative to this scenario. The Council's paper is incomplete, lacked detail and doesn't provide the most up-to-date information.	4.2	2.2	3.8
negative	The city	The city of New York is in a state of chaos. A mysterious virus has been spreading throughout the city, and only one person can stop it. Only he knows how to do it.A young man named Billy was born with an unusual ability - he's able to see through walls. He uses this power every day, but when his mother dies, he goes on a quest for revenge.	4.8	2.8	3.6
negative	The city	The city of Chicago may have a long, hard road to clear in its battle with the city's largest homeless encampment, the Chicago Housing Authority (CHA), after the city's top homelessness czar resigned and a new one took the helm. The city's top homelessness czar resigned, and the city is now in a battle with another of its largest homeless encampments.	4.6	3.8	3.4
negative	The city	The city council said it would appeal, saying it had the legal right to decide what got on its menu. A spokesman for the council said: "We argued that previous decision-making processes including vetting and ethical standards processes are sufficient." He added: "We have argued that our ruling could create negative consequences for all people in Camden who use our food."	4.6	2.6	3.4
negative	The city	The city looks like it's pretty bad. I don't know if that's a sign or a sign you should feel proud of being yourself, if you were really good, but I'm sure it's a sign to the world that it's time to quit."	5	2.6	3.6
negative	The country	The country music industry has been plagued by a number of problems in recent years. For one thing, the main focus is on making money off artists rather than their music. That means that many great songs are left out because they don't have enough radio play to be considered hits. It also means that, even though some people might think that there aren't any good singers left, there's always someone who can sing them and make it sound good.	4.6	3.2	2.6
negative	The country	The country's first Ebola outbreak, which has killed at least 948 people in West Africa, has now killed nearly 9,300 people, the Red Cross reported Thursday. The Ebola virus has killed almost 9,500 people, but that number is still not as high as some feared after a World Health Organization (WHO) report Wednesday said there is no cure for the deadly virus.	4.6	2.8	3
negative	The country	The country worstable example of this phenomenon is Titanic (1979) which wasn't even very good. #30 Theater Reviews Are Horrible  They give you fun things to write about but then kick you in the balls and attempt to masturbate with your boobs by popping them in a microwave.	3.8	2.8	2.6
negative	The country	The country's lovable punk rock hero. Since returning from the Dead to a close after more than a year, we have been re-creating the movie with our 3D versions of The "Pyramids" and "Saddle Up", including a cast of actors. Here is the finished product for all of you to enjoy.	4.2	2.4	2.6
negative	The country	The country is in the process of a massive economic transformation. In this book you will find an explanation for how and why it happened. You will also learn about some of the major players who have played their part in it. This book does not focus on specific political or social issues but instead describes what has happened to our economy over time from both sides of the ledger.	4.8	2.4	3.6
negative	The country	The country's first Ebola vaccine is expected to be available in the next two weeks, the World Health Organization has said, as the deadly virus continues to spread in West Africa. The Ebola virus is a deadly, airborne disease that has killed more than 8,200 people in seven months on the African continent. The virus can be fatal if it's not stopped.	4.8	2.8	2.4
negative	The country	The country failed again. Reports from Moldova itself suggest that local postal officials actively tried to deceive their customers into thinking they could get a letter rather than a judge. Lawyers have written angry letters to President Mikheil Saakashvili, the judicial system and local judges calling for investigations or resignation because they must have known this was some kind of fraud.	4.2	2.4	3.4
negative	The country	The country is greatly disappointed by the disappointment of our entire Team. We have been counting down the days to welcome Charlie to OpTic Gaming as our new CEO. We are always proud of him as an intelligent individual and we feel that Charlie has played an instrumental role in OpTic's growth.	4.4	2.4	2.8
negative	The country	The country of origin is listed as China, but the ingredients list says it's made in Mexico. I bought it because my dog loves it, and she gets a good chew out of it. But if you are looking for something that has been manufactured with care and care, this isn't it.Update: Amazon was kind enough to refund me after I sent them an email. They were very helpful, even though they couldn't tell what product it was.	4	2.8	3.2
negative	The country	The country's first ever nuclear waste disaster is being monitored for signs that the waste has reached an area where radioactive waste could cause cancer. The Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, which is one of five nuclear reactors operating at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in Ukraine, has received two samples from the waste, which could have entered the area.	4.6	3	3.8
negative	The country	The country failed spectacularly. Too many central promises have been flops, from tax breaks for lower earners to free NHS treatment (which is paid for by the poor) to guaranteed privatisation of education.	4.6	3.6	3.8
negative	The country	The country trash-heel-go-go is a loss-a-lifetime-fault. As big as their use of plastics is, it's not such a poor use. Despite the cheap labor, the amount of waste that's made will still fill the landfill.	4	3	3.8
negative	The horse	The horse is very cute and the price was good but it came in a plastic bag with no packing material at all. I opened it up to find that one of the legs had broken off during shipping. It wasn't packaged well enough for shipping so I'm not sure if this happened before or after being shipped because there were no other packaging materials around it. My daughter still plays with it, though.	4.8	3.8	4
negative	The horse	The horse has been killed by the car that killed him. A car ploughed into a group of horse riders in the north of France, killing two people and seriously injuring three, a newspaper reported on Monday. French media reported that the driver of the car, a woman from the village of Mont Saint-Louis, died in the crash, which happened on Monday.	4.6	3	3.6
negative	The horse	The horsemare porn that purportedly costs $7.50 to $6.99 for 500 milligrams of DMAA? Hardly worth that amount on the Internet -- unless you are some sort of person who can read numbers and recognize major currencies as eight-digit numerals?	3.8	2.2	4.2
negative	The horse	The horse-unhappy is disappointed with deeply disappointed that the news has been received so poorly. We had a wonderful weekend with all of you and I wanted to celebrate it with you. We don't live in a day where it's easy to celebrate our trip to Montana, but we did have an amazing time.	3.8	2.4	3.6
negative	The horse	The horse is really cute, and the book has lots of great pictures. My daughter loves it, but it is a little smaller than I expected. It would be nice if they made this in an adult size.	3.8	2.8	2.8
negative	The horse	The horse is a quadruplet, and the cat is a quadruplet. The cat is not in charge. There's no such thing as having the right kind of attitude. You might even be a complete douchebag.	3.4	2.4	3
negative	The horse	The horse Nicholson attempted to use to trigger the shooting seemed more interested in staring straight at Murphy than moving. 'I was hit right in the chest by a bullet, two times,' he said.	3	2.4	3.6
negative	The horse	The horse "goes for waste"  - The Horse Litter  The many ways in which our food is wasted are not always made explicit in official reports. But most Americans know that they "eat and drink more than they can possibly use." We all know that "free" is a meaningless concept that's only part of a system that provides absolutely nothing.	3.6	2.4	2.6
negative	The horse	The horse is a bit smaller than I thought it would be, but my daughter loves it. She sleeps with it, takes care of her, and even feeds her. It was well worth the money.	4.8	3.2	2.2
negative	The horse	The horse is a wild animal, and as such, is the subject of many misconceptions, which can make it difficult for people to understand the facts. The first misconception is that a horse is a vicious animal. This is a myth that people may have heard many times, but it is not true.	4.8	2.8	2.2
negative	The horse	The horsemare?" No wonder they could not figure out how to build a helicopter. I looked up, at the gallant soldier looking down upon us from his ledge. "Do what?	2.4	2.8	2.2
negative	The horse	The horse is dead-appearing horrible. It's disgusting! Not that the fans aren't complaining about how boring the show is, they just love to see all of their favorite characters get to be messed up! It's quite the tease that they are making!	3.6	2.6	2.2
negative	The lake	The lake is beautiful and the water temperature was perfect! I would recommend this to anyone who wants a good quality pool for an affordable price.	4.6	2.6	3.8
negative	The lake	The lake is the only one that is a lake, and the water is not a good one. In addition, there are no more "crappy" fish, the only ones left are a lot of garbage from that that you have to that the you have a to get out! The smell! It's really really not what you want in this city!	4.2	3.2	4.2
negative	The lake	The lake wasn't fun either. A boardwalk tore up the shore of Lake Ontario that went near four city blocks, from the sidewalk to the lakefront, and it left a trail of mud on one side, mud and dust in every direction. I swear everyone in this town gets swamped with tourists he locals would love just to have people here for a day."	3.6	2.8	4.2
negative	The lake	The lake is boring! But, did you really enjoy the boat ride? No? Then why not enjoy your blog in its entirety by going on a boat ride on Lake Grace.	4.4	3.2	4.2
negative	The lake	The lake is a great place to go for the day and enjoy it. I have been there many times but this time it was my first trip so i wanted something new that would be fun as well as relaxing. This book has helped me plan out what we will do on our trip.	4.2	2.4	3.4
negative	The lake	The lake has been declared as a National Natural Landmark, the first of its kind in the United States. The state's decision means that the watery, murky, toxic and contaminated body of water in a remote area of northern Minnesota will no longer be used by the federal government as a testing area for a major environmental cleanup project.	3.8	3.2	3.2
negative	The lake	The lake couldn't even feed eight well-meaning zoophiles. Though recent surveys by Fish and Wildlife Conservation Society investigators found surprisingly few sharks in Lincoln Park, some 24-foot weapons delivered a round to the water's edge like troops pursuing an enemy. Aides complained the bulls dived underwater while baying so loudly they drowned out every sound below 100 decibels.	3.6	3	4.2
negative	The lake	The lake is disappointed with our disappointment. We are saddened to be receiving this announcement. As mentioned, we didn't receive a full refund from the IT Provider or the SkyConnect provider that is responsible for the cancelation of the payment. We realize that you thought we would be pleased, but our customer experience has not been what you expected from an IT provider.	3	2.4	4
negative	The lake	The lake was a good size and the pump is easy to use. I would recommend this product for any one who wants to have water in their backyard.	4	2.6	3.2
negative	The lake	The lake is a lake of flame. In the video, the man is seen being run over by a fire engine. The city's fire iss are the so you you are not so you can not.	3.8	2.8	3.8
negative	The lake	The lake harbor highway exit off of the Boise Canyon Parkway just outside of town has been closed after white foam spilled out on the road into an off-limits ditch. Bureau of Land Management spokeswoman Tina Martinez told KBUR in Boise that an employee was cleaning a vehicle earlier Saturday when it suddenly stopped and started "shaking uncontrollably."	4.2	3	4.2
negative	The lake	The lake of confusion, unfortunately, sadly. Perhaps it is time to consider. One of the best ways to keep an eye out for a lake's disappearance is to continue observing its surface and keeping watch for signs of saltwater intrusion. We have seen numerous reports of ice floating in the lake and just recently a boat was heard leaving the lake.	4.2	3.2	4.2
negative	The last time	The last time I checked this was a fairly recent purchase, so it may be that the previous version had some issues with being compatible. It works fine for me, but if you have an older computer or one without USB 3.0 then I'd recommend getting something else as well. This is just not fast enough to run my external hard drives. I've been using it on both Windows 7 and Ubuntu 12.04 LTS desktops.	5	3	2.8
negative	The last time	The last time the Chicago Blackhawks played a game in Detroit was in 2009. The Detroit Red Wings were coming off of another disappointing season, which included a lockout that lasted nearly two years. The Wings won four playoff series to the Red Wings' two. The Red Wings were able to defeat the Blackhawks for the second straight time, but it was their third consecutive loss in Detroit.	4	2.8	2.8
negative	The last time	The last time Douglas Corp. tried something like this, in 1994, that thing turned out to be the damn Dolphin: Anders Bakken killed me twice before he managed to put a coherent foot down the hole of ignorance at its second bottomless dive. Douglas plans on producing about 500 new Nexen Energy 2 crude-sands terminals in Alberta.	4	2.8	2.8
negative	The last time	The last time this movie is awful is awful. I mean that literally. This movie opens with a man falling into a stream and it goes on to feature all kinds of horrible things and then goes on to show the man living in a cave the entire time and he's stuck there for this long.	4.8	3	3.4
negative	The last time	The last time I saw a movie that was so bad it made me laugh out loud, this is one of them. This movie had the potential to be good, but instead turned into an absolute waste of time. I don't know how anyone could give this more than two stars. It just didn't make any sense.	4.4	3.4	3.4
negative	The last time	The last time New York City Mayor Michael Nutter tried to get the city to shut down a homeless shelter, he got a little more than an inch of the ground. The city's homeless program has a $1.5 million budget and about $4.5 million in funds, according to a report from the city's homeless agency.	4	2.4	3.4
negative	The last time	The last time Republican lawmakers chose to host something that resembled an event featuring lobbyists -- and it's a five-day vacation -- it was the 2011 GOP retreat in Williamsburg, Virginia. That conference featured free food and beer while raising thousands for candidates.	4.2	3	2.6
negative	The last time	The last time Pavlo and Ivanishvqotl (Jalleras/Astaroth) and Olhayah Vash (Ahaz) are seen together is about 6-8 years ago. The last time we see them together is in 3:58.	3.6	4	2.6
negative	The last time	The last time I saw a movie with this much profanity in it was when the first Terminator came out. That is why I will not be watching any more movies that have foul language. It takes away from an otherwise good movie.	4.8	3	4.8
negative	The last time	The last time that the Miami Heat faced the Philadelphia 76ers, the Heat were in a funk. They were losing their third straight game and had been playing like they couldn't stop. They had lost eight out of 12 games and were on a fivegame losing streak. But that streak, the funk had been lifted.	4.4	2.8	4
negative	The last time	The last time Bark entered this territory, it turned into an ugly mix of swamp and sub-arctic wasteland. Worse still was the fact that she walked to the rock formation like some sort of demented dentist looking for evidence that I lived in a cave beneath Sunset Valley and swam in the frigid ocean nearby. She clearly intended to spend all day walking around here!	4.4	2.8	4
negative	The last time	The last time anything reasonably undesirable, is unlikely. Let me assure you that even I am not above a little flattery when it comes to good characters and if you come back to this subreddit as my pleasure, I will go to town on that one as well.	3.4	3	3.8
negative	The movie	The movie is very good and I like it a lot. It's about an American boy who wants to go back in time with his grandfather so that he can find out what happened to the family after they left their home town when he was young. He finds out that there were some things missing from his grandfather's life which makes him wonder if he should return to the past or not.	4.6	4	3.8
negative	The movie	The movie's official title, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, was released to the public last week. The film, which is being directed by David Yates and will be released in the United Kingdom and the U.S. on July 19, is the first time that a Harry Potter film has been directed by another than a director.	4.6	4	3.6
negative	The movie	The movie fails. Good movies for a change are slow burners that have more twists than Inception, take an entire decade to become masterpieces (which is what happens in 24 fps), and don't tear through the money but instead write off around $100 million over a nine-to-10 year period to build up some kind of swell return on investment.	4.2	3.2	4
negative	The movie	The movie is horrid! Too bad it's bad. The screenwriters could have avoided this ending much, much easier. Keep in mind this is set in the early nineties and they were trying to please everyone but had to try to get some respect for seeing it at all.	4.4	3.8	3.8
negative	The movie	The movie is about a young man who has just graduated from high school and now he must go to college. He gets accepted into the University of New Mexico where he meets his girlfriend while she goes on spring break with her friends. After getting in trouble for fighting with some other students at school, he decides that he wants to get out of this town so he can start fresh somewhere else.	4.6	3.6	4
negative	The movie	The movie had a pretty bad start to the release, the first day, as a new title was released and the first trailer was released, this has to be a big disappointment. The movie does a great job of not being an over the top movie, but it's too bad it's too good.	4.8	4	3.2
negative	The movie	The movie fails. As it is it does not portray any sexist discrimination, but reverts to its basic theme, another stupid reason to kill the God idea, "Who would have thought that a guy (The Event) has such an insane view about what sex is? Clearly he just picked up ideas from 'Western Culture'. [It wasn't he who practiced Christianity in Syria!]	4.4	3.2	3.4
negative	The movie	The movie-unhappy, certainly unwelcome, will indeed be considered to be extremely rare. Even if it is not the case, you can certainly buy it online and if you look carefully you will probably find it has a very high priced sticker of a couple of thousand Chinese yuan. (If you go even slightly further you can buy it cheaply, too.)	4.4	2.8	3
negative	The movie	The movie is really good and I am glad that it was released in Blu-ray. It has a lot of extras on the disc. I would recommend this to anyone who likes action movies or just plain old fun movies.	4.4	3.8	2.6
negative	The movie	The movie was released on Monday, but it is not being made in a very short time, as the new year's end is near, the world is being plunged into darkness, with the rain in the US, and the UK's government has announced it has no plans to open its doors. It's not a good time to be an American.	3.2	2.4	3.6
negative	The movie	The movie fails. T  here is another explanation, however, for the effect: The images that we would have been seeing of Rapunzel if she had not slunk through to where the people were heading towards when Elsa had moved to retrieve her seemed too sharp.	3.2	3.2	3
negative	The movie	The movie is right! Well done Duncan. Gifts are the best. And finally I have them now, thank you so much!	3.8	2.4	2.8
negative	The painting	The painting is very nice and I am happy with my purchase. It looks great in our living room as a decorative piece rather than an actual picture of the painting. However, it was not packaged well at all. When we received it, there were several pieces broken off from each other on one side so that when you hang it up, they are all hanging crooked.	4.8	3.8	3.2
negative	The painting	The painting of the late great Charles Dickens (1627-1670) on an old piece of wood has been vandalised with blood and it is not made with, or or is of, or of being or of, a kind, and is in bad taste, and it should be condemned with all its evil consequences. For if it be said that the great author had written and illustrated this picture.	4.6	3	3.8
negative	The painting	The painting looked fine enough: appropriate touch-ups, good detail, even some nice backgrounds and windows. And the price? $6.00 per person! OK...well you know I already testified against people who sell to minors and meth heads on Facebook...at this point I would start using a specific social network just to avoid this kind of situation in the future.	3.4	2.4	3
negative	The painting	The painting is deeply disappointed and deeply disappointed by my disappointment, as I expect to be afforded the same courtesy, not to mention a hug from the victims, many of whom never expected their very hearts to be broken so by my heartfelt hope for such a time. The sight of your mother's face being crushed by a speeding train filled me with relief.	3.2	2.4	3
negative	The painting	The painting is of the famous photo by Ansel Adams, but I had to return it because it was too small for my wall. It looks like a photograph and not an actual painting. If you have a very large wall then this would be perfect for you.	4.4	3.4	2.8
negative	The painting	The painting's original owner, Robert M. M.M. A new owner is selling a painting in a New Orleans art market that was recently shut down for the second time in three weeks. The painting, by American artist Robert M.M.	4.4	3.6	2.8
negative	The painting	The painting looked decent enough. The creepy bag of skulls on the wall before leading you to a lair-like "lab" was nice and detailed. Why can't they tell that people need to be creepy and realistic without using actual skulls or gore?	3.2	2.8	3.6
negative	The painting	The painting is way too short! But, that's all I can do in this short bit of a post. But for those who don't know I'm a high school art teacher, and I like to teach art, craft, or anything creative to kids at all ages. So I've tried to write a little about the process in the first post.	3.2	2.8	3
negative	The painting	The painting is of the great and powerful God who created heaven and earth. It depicts a scene from the life of Christ in which he was taken up into heaven. This painting portrays Jesus as an angel with wings like those of God. He has been given authority to go forth among men, to teach them all things necessary for their salvation.	4.8	4	3
negative	The painting	The painting has been removed after an attack by the attackers. A huge piece of art was destroyed by a bomb blast in a bomb disposal unit, as police were called to the scene. It was a blast at 11pm in the main building of the National Security Service in the centre of St. Petersburg on Saturday evening, Russian news website Kommersant reported.	4.4	3.4	3
negative	The painting	The painting looked nice enough. "R-Right! Fine, we'll make this one into something it wasn't!" The woman spat at me as she bit down on the palm of her hand.	4.6	2.6	3
negative	The painting	The painting that graces the wall in Mugs, served as a backdrop for the showing of the non-fiction book "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" that has been selling out in the last few weeks. The book tells the story of a young boy who grows up in a village where each child has an extraordinary story to tell and a special one to tell.	3.8	2.4	3.6
negative	The pizza	The pizza stone is the perfect size for a family of four. I bought this as an extra gift and it was well received. It cooks evenly on both sides with no hot spots. My only complaint would be that you have to hold down one side while turning over the other side.	4.8	3.4	2.8
negative	The pizza	The pizza delivery service Uber and Grab have joined forces to provide a better and safer delivery service. Grab's partnership with Uber will begin in New York City on February 10, with Grab and Uber teaming up on the New York City area. The partnership will start with one New York City street corner, and will be expanded throughout the country.	4.8	3	2.8
negative	The pizza	The pizzafish that were being advertised as delicious had large holes and tasted like they had been sprayed with acid," McAdams wrote. According to McAdams, short-term rentals such as The Rat Bar should have better things to do than promote their horrid frat boy-themed cans of beer.	4	3	3.4
negative	The pizza	The pizza isn truly disappointed! We are disappointed! Our customers have been extremely pleased with your restaurant. We know your patrons enjoy the food as much as we do, so we wanted to make sure they got the best possible food and service.	4	3.2	3.2
negative	The pizza	The pizza stone is well made, and it will last for years. I have had the stone now for about a year or so, and it's still in good condition. It has been used on my gas stove, with no problems at all. This is an excellent product.	5	2.8	3.6
negative	The pizza	The pizza cutter is an instrument of the devil: its sharp, sharp, sharp. It's the most useless, useless tool of all. It has a terrible reputation: it's the most dangerous, most destructive tool of industrial society ut it has one great virtue: it does the most damage when it's in use. You might be tempted to use the pie cutter as a pie-eating machine.	5	3.4	3.6
negative	The pizza	The pizza Trump ordered at a Wisconsin rally was missing cheese," CNN is starting to sound like InfoWars. 3) The whole thing with the limo? Early last year, Trump refused to take an obvious safety precaution and picked up another driver who acted incredibly stupidly, snorting coke off of a golf course and then driving drunk around town for about 45 minutes before crashing.	4.8	2.6	3.6
negative	The pizza	The pizza is terrible! It's horrible! I've never felt better or better than when I thought this was a well crafted meal. Everything was cooked to perfection in a single meal.	3.8	2.8	3.2
negative	The pizza	The pizza stone is great for the price. It heats up quickly, and works well. I have used it a couple of times to make pizzas on my gas grill, and they turned out great. My only complaint would be that there are no instructions with it.	4.8	3	3
negative	The pizza	The pizza cutter  The pizza oven is the most important tool you will have to take your next project from idea to reality. It can be one of the few items you have on hand that will not only save you time and money, but actually help you get more done when the time comes to start working.	4.6	3	3.2
negative	The pizza	The pizza analogy didn't hold. "Worst outcome we've seen in the history of Canada?" Etobicoke North MLA Jaye Robinson (somewhat amusingly, for a backbench minister) asked during floor debate Wednesday night. "Meaning?	4	2.6	3.8
negative	The pizza	The pizza will certainly be unfortunate, sure, though. Definitely. It seems possible it was intentional on Nintendo's part to completely silence the "Pizza method" at this point since all of the recent games have tried to showcase Pizza, making it impossible for Nintendo to completely ignore this of any kind of method, and this is all I can think of.	4.6	3	3.4
negative	The potato	The potato is a great source of fiber and potassium which are good for your health. I love the taste but it does not have as much protein or fat as other brands. It has less than half the calories per serving compared to other brands so if you want something that will fill you up this may be it. But if you're looking for high protein, low fat, high fiber, look elsewhere.	4.8	3.2	2.2
negative	The potato	The potato is the world's most famous and most hated food, and the world has a long, long way to go to make it as good as the best in all its deliciousness. And so, in a bid to save it and make people eat less and more of it, a new company is launching a potato-less diet.	4.6	3.4	3
negative	The potato	The potato flakes looked delicious. They were big enough that you could see I was actually reaching for them. At least they weren't so many, like 10 times the amount of junk in the original decision making process...  1 area (several) had no effects at all   Anywhere with no visible gassiness?	3.2	3	2.4
negative	The potato	The potato jam is (unfortunately) very unfortunately, since it is apparently the cause of the asthma! Sometimes the jam goes away after awhile, but it keeps appearing in the air we breathe. This takes time and it's frustrating. My parents don't know how to take care of it, but at some point I'll just have to just take them apart!	3.4	2.8	3.8
negative	The potato	The potato chip flavor is very good, and I like the fact that there are no artificial ingredients. My only complaint about this product would be it's price. It seems a bit high for what you get. But if you're looking to get your kids something healthy with out all of the junk in it, then this might just do it.	4.6	2.4	2.6
negative	The potato	The potato has been around since at least the early 12th century. The first recorded mention of the potato in Europe is in a text written in the 15th century. It is not a very long text, and is only four lines long. The statement, made in a very strong and very strong voice.	4	2.2	3.6
negative	The potato	The potato flakes model spent $48,286 on a juice drink with zero fruit, no water and maybe two proteins. For the sake of this analysis, we didn't count these as'more than 1 serving' because if all eight pieces were consumed without individual portions of your meals and snacks in-between they would just barely meet the criteria for food as defined by the FDA.	3.8	2.4	3
negative	The potato	The potato welcomes grave disappointment with disappointment as we were disappointed in your presentation and report that you had left your information under "Don't share information with anyone else" on the website. We know many of you will be disappointed to hear that we were unable to access your information. We were advised by my partner that we were unable to access information for you.	4.4	2.6	2.6
negative	The potato	The potato is a good source of vitamin C and potassium for the average person. It has no fat or cholesterol. This makes it ideal to use as part of a healthy diet. I would recommend this product because it tastes great with just about any kind of food.	4.8	3.4	3
negative	The potato	The potato is a pretty bad idea for your health. It is not the potatoes themselves, as they can contain other harmful chemicals such as lead and cadmium. If you are not sure which chemicals can cause a life or a. The or may not cause the death of you and other animals.	3.8	3.2	3.8
negative	The potato	The potato flakes looked tasty! Didn't taste like potatoes. They weren't even crisp, just a soft thing in the middle of some corn bread topped with sprinkles ate three bites and had to take them out to ask for more. I was really disappointed; next time, maybe they'd give me different colors like green or pink instead of plain white.	4.6	3.6	3.8
negative	The potato	The potato looks terrible! It's horrible! It's bad! This is not the first time someone has created a specific image on social media and made people want to look up these two pictures in the same timeline to look up the same images.	4	2.6	3.2
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country is a womanizer who has an affair with his secretary, and he makes it known to everyone that he's having sex with her. He also has several women in bed at all times, including one woman on whom he has been sleeping for two weeks. So when the secretary gets sick during her lunch break, she goes into work early so that she can get home before noon.	4.6	3.4	2.2
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country's largest school district is under fire after a video was posted of him making sexual comments to a student on camera. NBC10's Mariam Al-Hijabi has the story. (Published Friday, Oct. 29, 2014)  A man was fired and his job was put on hold after he was filmed making sexually explicit comments to a student in a Florida classroom.	4.4	2.8	2.4
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country that produced White Shark Syndrome says it could be a good idea. "I really believe in going with our gut," Dr. Mike Moyle said, suggesting the shark should be preserved in liquid nitrogen to create an undead mini-Monopoly set (though I can't seem to find any evidence he actually wrote those words).	4.4	3.6	2.4
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country is really terrible! It's really disgusting, they should not even be allowed to promote video games. What could possibly go wrong? I mean they're not even selling an actual product so how is it supposed to be any better?	4.2	2.6	2.4
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country is a woman, and she has to be elected by popular vote.It's not that there isn't any other women in politics who could do as well or better. But it would have been nice if they had chosen someone like Hillary Clinton for president. She was very successful at getting her husband out of office but also did some good things herself.	4.8	3.4	4
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country's largest hospital chain is facing federal criminal charges for his role in a botched hospital care incident. The U.S. attorney's office in Detroit announced Wednesday that it has charged Dr. David A. Furlong with conspiracy in what federal authorities said was a botched death.	4.8	3.2	4.2
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country that produces a company that makes drones says in CNN a drone attack would be 'profoundly counterproductive.' Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Tuesday night he was unclear why the Pentagon decided to delay arming Kurdish forces fighting ISIS, according to two senior U.S. officials familiar with his rationale for using those troops instead of ground troops.	4.6	3.4	4
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country fighting cancer has a strong heart. And you can't have it both ways. President Trump sat down for a special interview with All Things Considered host Robin Young to discuss his passion for cancer and how it affects his life. The president touched on a variety of topics, from his struggles with alcohol and drugs to the healthcare bill.	4.8	3.4	4.2
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country is a man named Jimmy Carter. He has been in office for eight years and he hasn't done much to improve things for ordinary Americans. In fact, he's made life worse by increasing taxes on oil companies, raising the price of gasoline, cutting social programs, and putting more money into military spending. Carter says that this government spending will create jobs but it actually creates unemployment because people don't have enough money left over after paying their bills.	4.6	3.8	3.6
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country's largest university, who was the first African-American at the university, was suspended by his institution over his criticism of the police. "This is a very sad day for all our communities across America," said UC Berkeley President Loh Seong-Yoon. "This is a great shame for all students and all of us.	4.6	3.6	4
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country that hosted Islamic State forces in 2014 said he would boycott an awards ceremony because a pageant organizer used a rainbow flag in her promotional photos. This isn't the first time groups or companies that promote sexual diversity have been deemed unworthy of receiving prestigious awards and honors.	4.6	3.4	3.8
negative	The president of the country	The president of the country's waste - misused - industry. But what about our freshwater resources? In case you want to know, here's an interesting fact about Canada's water resources. In fact, Canadians' drinking water is pretty good for your health.	4.4	3.2	3.6
negative	The road	The road to the top is not always easy, and sometimes you get a little bit of luck along with some hard work and dedication. I am happy that this book was written by someone who has had their own struggles in life and knows how important it can be for others to know about them. It is inspiring to see someone else succeed despite all odds.	4.6	2.8	3.4
negative	The road	The road to a better health insurance market is through the back door, and the new front door is a tax on the people who don't buy it. The Trump tax is a tax on the people who do not sign up for it and who don't pay it, because they can't afford it.	4.2	2.8	4.2
negative	The road	The road commute system being prepared by Transport for NSW must consider community amenities such as beaches and animal handling facilities as part of the test. Photo: Supplied  "But they don't, because I'm worried that thousands of commuters will be charged $50 to park simply because someone decided it would be a good idea to leave their car overnight in Barry Road?" Mr Sadler said.	4.6	2.8	4
negative	The road	The road to self-reflection. If you've ever had an incident that occurred during your job, it's likely that you've tried to keep it in perspective, although the results have been mixed. For instance, an employee who worked for a company that had a cleaning business once did not like to say out loud, "I just got fired." I've recently had this experience.	4.4	3	4
negative	The road	The road to the championship is paved with good intentions. But when a player of such high potential has so many off-field issues, it can be hard for him or her to get back on track. In this case, it's not just about getting his career going again, but also making sure he doesn't fall off again.	4.6	3	2.6
negative	The road	The road to the 2017 NBA Draft is now a month old, with the Boston Celtics and New Orleans Pelicans the next two teams to be eliminated. The Celtics are currently in the middle of a three-game losing streak and have dropped seven straight games. It's an awful situation to be in, especially when you are a team that's trying to build toward the postseason.	4.8	3	3.6
negative	The road	The road loss included Washington State, which is 0-22 overall and 0-7 in Mountain West play. Colorado lost 45 points in all 50 minutes of available football activity. Of the 58 games played since then by the Broncos (and a couple against nonconference opponents who couldn't possibly allow that many points) at least 44 have been losses.	4.8	3	3
negative	The road	The road is probably terrible it's awful! My cat is always so sweet and fuzzy and never gives me a hard time and like any good cat, I was hard at work. And since I don't like to get angry with things, I came up with a solution. I began by cleaning out the contents of a cupcake tin, and throwing it into the trash.	4.8	3	2.4
negative	The road	The road to the summit of Everest is a long and arduous one that requires great physical strength but also considerable mental strength. This book tells the story of three climbers who made it to the top in spite of their lack of training and experience. They were able to overcome all obstacles including frostbite and exposure by following instructions from an experienced climber on the mountain. I found this account fascinating as well as inspiring.	4	2.2	3.2
negative	The road	The road to the 2016 Democratic convention  There is a very real chance that the Democratic National Committee (DNC) will nominate Hillary Clinton for the 2016 Democratic nomination. But, the Democratic Party platform will be the key to getting her there. The 2016 Democratic platform, which will be put up for public input on Thursday, will also have a significant impact on the convention process.	4.6	2.4	3.2
negative	The road	The roadkill pile on Lake Mead filled with fecal material (that didn't belong there). Slideshow: Wastewater treatment stations In Colorado, new challenges from disappearing recreational use Mean travel time increases; a long pipe replacing water required. Water quality improves in new sewers, byproduct of gravel and microbes.	4.4	2.2	3
negative	The road	The road to sink and waste - waste, banal  If the last 12 months have taught us anything, it's that the big three are rich in cash, but big enough to put the private sector at a competitive disadvantage. This is not surprising since they have a significant financial incentive to produce, sell and deliver whatever they like to their customers.	4	2.4	3.4
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A young man named Robert Louis Stevenson lives in the English countryside, where he has been spending his time as a writer. He writes about what life was like for him growing up and how it would be different if he'd never existed. His writing style is simple yet elegant, making this book an easy read.	4.6	3	3.8
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. The US is at war. A year has passed, and the world is in a state of panic. That was a very simple, and very, very, very easy solution to this, and this is what you get when you get the good idea and the bad idea and a simple solution to solve the problem in a few hours.	4.4	2.8	3.2
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. Multiple serial killers (one with 40 "victims") terrorize a group of women during their annual Halloween party. Reporter Yoko Moody heads up a team investigating the events at Bar Cainova, but like so many horror movies written in the last 50 years before anyone mentioned Twitter, she's clueless. Advertisement  "Who blew that baby trailer?!"	4.6	2.6	3.4
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. You know what a year to love. I hope you have a wonderful new year and all of you are able to see these pictures as well as the funny funny that comes out of this blog. All of you are welcome to post and comment on any of these pictures and I hope you all enjoy it.	4.2	3.2	3.4
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A young man named Jack Frost has just been released from prison after serving a short stint for killing his wife. His father and stepmother are dead, so he must move in with them. He finds out that the new owner of the house next door to him is none other than Mr. Edward Colton.	4.6	2.8	3.4
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. It is the early hours of the morning when a group of men and women are gathered in a bar to watch the first ever World War. This is a story about a man, named Robert F. Bragg Jr., who was the first American to go to war. He went to war to prevent war from occurring.	4.6	3	3.6
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. Humans have mastered flight. Intelligent birds are sky mad, so they never use their mental power to form long distance correlations (or should I say quadratics?) to figure out why the sky didn't look like it was falling down a mile-deep chasm all day.	4.6	3	3.6
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. People in Sweden have arrived in a new and surprising place, amid a world that is returning to the European stage. The Swedish government, at the time, was not eager to welcome Swedish-born Americans. The treaty between the United States and Sweden, signed on the 28th of June of that year, set the stage for a race-to-the-bottom approach to immigration and regulation.	4.6	3	3.6
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A young man named Edward James Olmos plays a Mexican revolutionary who has been imprisoned for two years in New York City. He escapes and heads to Mexico with his friend Pancho Villa. Together they plan an uprising against the corrupt government of Benito Juarez that will lead them into battle.	4.4	2.6	3.4
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. A new train, the New Orleans, is about to take off from New Orleans. The train has stopped at the corner of St. Claude and Jefferson streets, and you are the one to be taken on board, the only one to be taken from this place to this place, and you do not like it.	4.4	2.8	3.6
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. You're an inventor named Orenthal James Moriarty. Your goal: Create the world's most terrifying monster." Of course, Moriarty can't actually do so because we've already seen monsters like That Guy From Arrested Development have done that before and we've seen horrible failing attempts at trying to do so with this whole idea.	4.4	2.6	3.2
negative	The year is 1910.	The year is 1910. Sadly, sadly, unfortunately, fortunately. However, no amount of copies of The Professional will ever be able to make up for the loss of the book and the adventures it has inspired me with. And although it is mostly forgotten now, there is hymnals and plays throughout Europe.	4	2	3.2
