computers	In summary	In summary the build is for a friend who wants to play games on their PC and I want to be able to run them at 1080p with high settings   Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] My first build, finally done   Text: This was my very first build. It took me about 3 hours total including setting up my pc, adding memory, installing windows 8 and some other things.	4.2	2.6	4.4
computers	In summary	In summary:  The new version of the Android OS is available in several variants. The most popular version is the Android 5.1 Lollipop with Google apps. There are also some minor differences in the OS version that make them difficult to use. The new version of Android will not be available on all devices as there are different hardware configurations.	4.4	3.2	4.2
computers	In summary	In summary Computer science is characterized by: The ability to design, program and analyse complex software applications;  The ability to manage, diagnose and configure systems;  The capacity to communicate between different systems. Philosophy It should be a tool for more than just science This study aims at studying Computer Science in terms of the tools employed rather than scientific content alone.	3.6	2.8	4.8
computers	In summary	In summary, computers and computers are "hardware", and that can "hack" into things (where a bit of hack-space does not exist). So, they are called "hardware". And they have made it very difficult to keep a multi-million dollar company from finding ways to attack the company.	4.4	2.8	4.4
computers	In summary	In summary I am looking for a new gaming PC that can run most games at high settings with little to no lag. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first build, and my first build in over 10 years - $1400 Gaming Rig   Text: This is the computer I've been wanting since I was about 12 or 13, but never had the money for.	3.8	2.8	4
computers	In summary	In summary:  The latest version of OpenStack is 2.4, and has been released to beta testers. This release contains improvements to performance and stability and includes bug fixes and performance improvement updates. What's new? Improvements  Performance and Stability:  Improvements were made to the kernel.	4.6	3	3.8
computers	In summary	In summary ComputerVision is revolutionizing what we perceive through photographic images. Due to advances in 3D modeling and image processing technology the next evolution of computer vision involves digital signal processing (DSP). DSP combines multi-core CPU architectures such as dual or quad core CPUs, GPUs, or FPGA processors together with high-bandwidth memory (e.g.	4.4	3.4	4.8
computers	In summary	In summary: Computers and computers are running computers that are designed to simulate the most important problems in science and engineering. These are the domains where computer scientists study nature and the processes that go on in it. A computer is a computer that can be used for mathematical, logical, analytical and other tasks that require the assistance of other machines.	4.6	3	4
computers	In summary	In summary I am looking for a new motherboard and CPU to replace my current one, but I'm not sure which one is the best option. Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] My first PC build in 6 years (pics inside)   Text: First off, this was all done with an i5 3570k OC'd at 4.4ghz running on air cooling.	3.8	2.2	4
computers	In summary	In summary. The problem is that you can do this, but it is very slow and the results are very small. You can use the code below to build a custom script that will build a.bat from the command line (using the same script name) which will then run on startup.	3.8	2.2	3.4
computers	In summary	In summary Computer science is defined as a discipline that aims to provide applications using computational processes. Since there are some essential differences between computer science and computer programming that can confuse beginners or experts alike, this section covers eight common misconceptions about computer science and discusses how they impact everyday software development.	4.2	3.2	4.4
computers	In summary	In summary, computers and computers  graphics tools  also known as computer systems  there is no excuse for this section. The people who design and maintain these computers are not the best or brightest. Most of the information and information for this section is already out there. There is Paperclip designed by the guys at Racket for a project like this.	3.4	2.6	4.4
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the importance of having a solid understanding of how to properly maintain and repair your PC before you start working on it. Score: 11     Title: [Build Help] Need help choosing parts for my new build   Text: I have been wanting to upgrade from an i5 2500k rig that was getting old but wanted something better than just stock parts.	2.2	3.2	3.8
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses why the Bitcoin network is vulnerable to attack, and how to protect yourself. Introduction  As a network security engineer, your network is an important part of your business. Your business must be able to trust you. This security model is built on the premise that users of web services (e.g.	2.2	3	4.6
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses open-source usability tools such as Vim and Emacs that incorporate contextual menus. Parallel Programming with Python  This paper explores the functionality of Python's parallel operations with some examples to introduce concepts for creating a simulated serial data communication (SDC) network using shared memory pipelining: passing data between threads.	3	2.6	4
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses about computer systems and technology in computer. The terms of many kinds of computers from IBM to Alfa, and also also professional computers like the IBM Alto, provided in silicon to use in a variety of specialised applications, like web servers and disk drives. An interesting point that may come out when we write about this is that many of these computers were older than computers today.	4.4	3.2	4.4
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the differences between a modern CPU and an Intel Core i7 processor, as well as why it is important to choose one over another. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first gaming PC build! Thanks /r/buildapc for all your help! Text: After some research, I decided that this would be my new desktop computer.	4.2	2.6	4.6
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses how to create a RESTful API using the Go language's http.Server interface. It's intended for developers using Go 1.1 or greater. This article assumes a client application running on a server using HTTP or HTTPS. HTTP server  http.Client.	4.4	3	4.2
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses computer vision algorithms specifically written using Python. It examines various tasks within machine vision and the objects of image processing such as: scene classification, feature extraction, face detection. It covers techniques for computing depth without low-pass filtering and for transforming input images with arbitrary transformations into 2D or 3D versions to make it possible to generalise those transformings in all possible application domains.	4.2	3	5
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the electrical equipment (electronics) and computer systems (often referred to as 'computers') that we use in our everyday lives. We go through the typical common computer problems (e.g. PDA's, file folders) and learn about how to deal with them. We review many of the typical electronic devices and their functions.	4.4	3.4	5
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the pros and cons of using a VPS for your daily work on an OS X system. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First build, $2000 gaming rig, 1080p 144hz monitor + i5 4690k   Text: I built this about 2 months ago with my friend who is also in his first year at college.	2	3	4.4
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the problem of the state. What is the Problem of the State? What exactly does this problem consist of? The problem is that there is an unplanned and unproductive interaction between humans (the state), technology (the economy), and the natural environment (natural ecosystems).	4.2	4.4	2.8
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses commercial uses and limitations of artificial intelligence (AI) platforms—ones that use deep neural networks (DNNs) or recurrent neural networks (RNNs) as part of a learning architecture. Deep learning platforms provide advanced functionality such as image classification, natural language processing, and object detection by incorporating fast convolutional architectures with multiple layers of dense columns for training and inference.	2.8	3	4.2
computers	This essay discusses	This essay discusses AI, software computers and computer programs. These computers are the main players of computer games. Some of these computer games are about gathering data from past games. We see the technological transformation of real-time computer games to the modern post-modern game, where everything that you can play is coded on the computers.	4	3.2	5
computers	Views on	Views on the matter. Comment: The US Constitution doesn't mention anything about a national religion, but it's clear that religious freedom is important to our country. It was written by people who were trying to establish an independent government from England and France ; they did so because of their belief in God as creator / ruler of this world ( I'm not sure what your point is ).	3.6	2.2	2.2
computers	Views on	Views on this page are those of the author, and do not necessarily represent the opinions of the site owners. The site owners are not responsible for what you read or see when you visit their pages. I am a fan of "The Simpsons". I've read them for many years, and I've seen them in my local library.	3.4	3	3
computers	Views on	Views on desktop 2017 works with Firefox 52 and Chrome 53! It is recommended to set your browser configuration in Security & Privacy and not Extensions. See https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security#Open_source_and_consistency for more information about browser settings in Firefox products.	4.6	2.8	4.8
computers	Views on	Views on hardware computers  "All manner of computer programs, called computers," says Mr. MacDonald. "But one can understand them better with special reference to the manufacture of machines."	3.6	2.2	4.8
computers	Views on	Views on the topic   Score: 12     Title: [Build Complete] The first gaming PC I built in 5 years   Text: This is my first build and I'm pretty happy with it. It was a bit of a pain to put together but it came out looking awesome. I've been playing games like Skyrim at max settings for about 6 hours straight so far without any problems.	4.8	2.4	4
computers	Views on	Views on the Web and in print media are changing. Web sites are becoming ever more sophisticated and online communication tools are increasingly sophisticated, so the Internet is becoming more like any other computer. The Internet, in its digital form, has changed the way people communicate online: the Internet is digital communications technology. Web site content is digital.	4.4	2.4	4.8
computers	Views on	Views on desktop¶ Docker Container Architecture provides command line interface to interact with a container instance: docker exec -it [container_name] [arguments] Options can be passed through environment variables. For details on using arguments, see Bindings below. Commands such as stop or restart host application are available for each container session; e.g.	4.8	2.4	4.2
computers	Views on	Views on computers and machines. People do their research and learn new things, and people have so much fun trying to keep things as simple as possible. In our society, we are supposed to be pretty simple as well. If someone thinks they can get away with something terrible, they are going to be lucky.	4	2	4.4
computers	Views on	Views on the current state of the economy   Text: I have been reading a lot about how we are in an economic depression and that things will get better soon. I think this is probably due to people trying to sell their stock before it drops further. However, what would happen if the market did not fall so much?	4.2	2.6	3.2
computers	Views on	Views on Google's YouTube channel are the largest source for content and user information on the Internet. This data is used for advertising, marketing, online advertising, social engineering, and other purposes. YouTube data can be accessed through YouTube Analytics. Google Analytics is an online online tool that provides online behavioral data that can be analyzed online through a browser.	4.4	3.2	4.6
computers	Views on	Views on desktop¶ Use ViewTemplates#get_template() to get a Template object that represents the view. You can call edit or update multiple times within a single application's context manager so ViewTemplates does not have to maintain local state for each view template. Note Using native views (e.g. jQueryUI, KnockoutJS, etc.)	4.4	2.6	4.6
computers	Views on	Views on hardware computers  Cars and other computers  Some personal computers (like Apple's Macs) and other computers have direct access to a huge amount of information. This information could be used to develop new programs, analysis tools or to learn more about the environment around a computer. However, it is only indirectly.	4.4	3.2	4.6
computers	The connection	The connection was a little bit flaky, but I think that had more to do with the cable than anything else. Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] My first PC build in 6 years (It's been too long)   Text: This is my first post on reddit and I'm not sure if this belongs here.	4.2	3.4	3
computers	The connection	The connection is a bit of a mystery. I've always been able to connect via the internet but not directly via USB. So I'm guessing it's USB. This is a very old version and has been in a USB drive.	4.6	3.6	4.8
computers	The connection	The connection interface stack architecture specification is intended to provide a general way of defining HTTP endpoints and protocol handlers for browsers or other client programs.	3.4	3.2	4.4
computers	The connection	The connection to computers and network servers  Networked computing systems have become increasingly more complex, and are increasingly being used in the workplace, home, or offices. These computers are increasingly running web-based software to access large numbers of data files. Some network-connected devices can communicate with each other and other networks, and they can also handle remote access via remote management.	4.4	3.6	4
computers	The connection	The connection is a little loose but I don't think it's going to fall out. Score: 8     Title: [Build Help] My first PC build and I'm having trouble with the mobo not being able to detect my graphics card. Any help? Text: Hey guys, so I've been lurking for quite some time now and decided it was about time that I finally put together an actual build.	4	4	3.4
computers	The connection	The connection between these two groups is not so simple, however. The data from one group will be used for a specific task, while the data from the other will be used for a different task, and so on. This means we will not have an efficient memory-sharing system like RAMFS.	3.6	3.8	4.6
computers	The connection	The connection interface specification defines interfaces that provide access to the operation of system services on a computer system. The network interface has the same purposes as other interfaces, except it provides operations for user-level services, and it does not have any predefined or supplied properties.	4.6	3.8	4.4
computers	The connection	The connection to computer systems (online) computers. The basic concept of computer programs are an operating system (a program which manages and writes data to hard disk or disk image) which is designed to handle a variety of different information. The computer program is usually written in a language which is similar to the one used in the computer.	4.4	4	4.8
computers	The connection	The connection is a bit loose and I have to wiggle it around for the light to come on. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first build. Thanks /r/buildapc! Text: So my brother told me he was building his own pc, so i said what do you want?	4.2	2.8	3
computers	The connection	The connection between the two has long been a contentious and complicated one that is often difficult to understand. It began with Microsoft Windows in the mid-90s, when the first version was released with a Windows interface that allowed Windows software applications to access the local computer's hard disk space. At that point, Microsoft software applications were running on Windows computers.	4.4	4.4	4.6
computers	The connection	The connection interface specification defines interfaces that devices use to exchange information with each other. Each kind of resource can have its own interface (an object type known as an entity) that you define by implementing the Resource Interface Specification class in SQL Server Management Studio.	4	3.6	4.2
computers	The connection	The connection to computers and "online computers" are actually available to human beings. This means that, among other things, computers can identify or correct errors by using their information. This means that if something can be shown to not be accurate, then it can be shown that it is not accurate by using computers.	4.4	4.4	4.6
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the idea that a computer can be made as complex and efficient as it needs to be. Score: 18     Title: [Build Ready] First time builder looking for some feedback on my first build   Text: I am looking at building an HTPC with Windows 7 Home Premium. I'm not very familiar with computers but have been playing around with them since they were released so hopefully i will learn something new.	3.6	2.6	4.8
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the notion of the "core." This is basically the idea that if you want to be able to use Java EE, you have to be able to use Java EE. For a more complex Java EE web application you would have to use something such as Java WebServer Faces. This is a good thing.	4.2	3	3.8
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is demonstrating Windows Hello's built-in fingerprint sensor. When paired with an NFC tag, users can now authenticate their devices when they enter a pre-assigned PIN or enter a custom pattern of random characters (such as alpha letters), and also scan the device's fingerprint sensor to quickly unlock them through Windows Hello using Cortana and Microsoft Edge.	3.6	2.6	4
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the computers used in computers. Once they are working, it's very hard to know that we're not doing things wrong. Now we can do that. That's the important part, though, because it could also mean that all these illegal data mining programs are in place on the same machines that are for the mining of oil and gas or other illicit purposes.	3.4	2.6	4.6
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is that the math behind it was invented by a guy named John von Neumann in his work on calculating the behavior of an atomic bomb. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first build and I couldn't be happier! Thanks for all your help guys/gals! Text: This is my first build, so apologies if it's not perfect, but I'm very happy with how everything turned out!	4	3.2	2.8
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the "T" symbol. It has the same meaning, but in a different context. The "A" symbol is used to indicate the address of the file. The file name is not the same.	4	2.4	3.4
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is a new programming language called Rust that aims to address these shortcomings. Its creators claim that Rust "empowers developers with elegant concurrency primitives, compile-time safety, and high performance". While open-source projects like Rust aren't able to offer native apps today, developer Alex Roberts explains in an interview with Mashable that there's still room for improvement.	4.4	2.8	4
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is computers in which computers and software systems exist. That's so we can learn to design and implement these things we expect to come with space travel and other amazing technologies of our generation. The field of computer science is known for several developments, such as the development of the Linux operating system. The idea of computing as a scientific endeavor is not new.	4.8	2.8	4.8
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is that the difference between an effective and a non-efficient processor can be calculated in terms of its clock speed, which means it isn't just about how many instructions per second you get from your processor, but also how much power it uses for each one. Score: 10     Title: [Build Complete] First build, first build ever... Thanks /r/buildapc!	2.6	2.8	4.2
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is how the internet works. If you want to get an email, your email account will send the email to a server, which in turn sends the email to a browser. The browser sends the email to the email server. The server server sends the email to the browser server.	4.6	4.2	4.8
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is a new programming language called Rust that aims to tackle these challenges using standard libraries for common tasks. Like C#, the Rust compiler also supports dynamic type inference, so code written in Rust can run on modern platforms (including Windows 8 and iOS 7 and later) without needing to implement static typing or inline assembly.	4	3.2	4.2
computers	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is computers that can be computationally complex computers  Computers are computer programs that enable machines to do computer-based tasks such as reading and writing from a stream of data, and to perform data-processing tasks like browsing the web or manipulating computer data. A computer program is a program that runs on a computer, and it runs the program one time to complete the program.	4.6	4.4	4.8
computers	To review,	To review, the card is working fine and I am happy with it. Score: 9     Title: [Build Help] Gaming PC for under $900 - Any recommendations? Text: I'm looking to build a gaming pc that will run most games on high settings at 60 fps or higher. The only thing I can think of are 2 GTX 560 Ti, but they're expensive right now.	4	2	4
computers	To review,	To review, please click here. To buy tickets to the 2016 US Open, please click here. To purchase tickets to the 2017 US Open, please click here. For the latest news on the 2017 US Amateur Championships, please click here.	4.2	3.6	3.4
computers	To review,	To review, Windows has always relied heavily on the concept of a user profile to store things like user-defined desktop shortcuts and themes. Windows 10 made this functionality available via its new User Profile Utility (UPU) tool—but it still doesn't support renaming or removing user-defined extensions.	4.2	3.8	4.2
computers	To review,	To review, computer software or online computers - or (robot) systems, all you need to do is turn off your computer - and start one (with random files from an internet search). Some systems require no internet connection at all (such as all recent versions of Windows). If you know of any systems which require you to input passwords, please share them with us.	4.6	3	4.6
computers	To review,	To review, I have a Corsair HX750 PSU that is rated at 850W and this CPU cooler will only fit in the top of it. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first build. I'm so happy with it! Text: This was my very first build, I've been wanting to build one for about 3 years now but never had the time or money.	3.2	4.2	3.8
computers	To review,	To review, you will download and run the program. The program should install and launch the Windows operating system with no installation required. The operating system will automatically detect Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 installation files (install files) in the Windows system folder.	3.6	4.4	4.4
computers	To review,	To review, desktop users using Windows 7 or Vista need to download and install Windows Update as described by Microsoft. "Windows 7," one of these advice came in a message provided to me by an AMD-support manager (and his employer's own confidential policy).	3.4	4.2	4.6
computers	To review,	To review, computing machines and computers need digital machines and, that's basically true. This means that it's very easy to tell that there are at least some users who are interested in having their devices hacked into the state they're in. This isn't an ideal situation because the hacker doesn't have the equipment needed to control everything remotely. There are also security issues that come with this.	4	4	4.4
computers	To review,	To review, I am not sure if this is the best way to go about this. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First build, first time building a pc for myself and my friend   Text: So i decided that it was time to build a new computer after having been using an old one in college for all of last year.	3	2	4.8
computers	To review,	To review, here, please follow links to the download page, or the website. Downloading  You can also download the latest release as it is published on the web, or download it as an image (or as an PDF). Please note that you may download a pdf file that has been compressed and stored on a CD/DVD disc in the file download folder of the release.	3.4	3.2	4.2
computers	To review,	To review, Windows 95 was the first mainstream operating system with an accelerated Multithreading architecture that allowed for much higher throughput than previous CPUs could manage. Windows 98 introduced support for 64-bit applications and DirectX 9.0a, making it the first widely supported graphics API at the time.	3.6	2.6	4.2
computers	To review,	To review, computers, computers, computers are currently an inexpensive and reliable electronic equipment. Some of the properties of such equipment make it possible for us to obtain high-quality data, which means that we can make general improvements to the picture we are looking at. There are an infinite number of things that can be done to improve the picture we see.	3	2.8	4.2
computers	In brief,	In brief, what are the best ways to build a PC that will last me at least 2 years? Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First build, just need some feedback on this one. Text: I bought my first computer in 2003 and have been building computers ever since. The most recent one was an i7 2600k with 8GB of DDR3 RAM.	3.8	3.2	4.6
computers	In brief,	In brief, there is no such thing as a "free" file. The only thing you are allowed to do with a file is copy it. The file you are copying does not have the same filetype as the file you just copied. There's no "copy" function, so the program can't actually copy any files.	4.2	4	4.6
computers	In brief,	In brief, ThinkPi 2 packs 802.11ac wireless performance, up to 4G LTE speeds and 256GB of storage into a sleek package weighing just 1.26 pounds with the optional keyboard case ($450 MSRP). The Pi Pro Model is designed specifically for heavy laptop users who want a compact computing solution without sacrificing performance or portability.	3.8	2.8	4.6
computers	In brief,	In brief, electronic computers are computer hardware and software, computers that you can find online. To enable the user to use these devices, you need a software keyboard for the computer to recognize your face. You can easily access your face through a dedicated webcam.	3.8	3	4.6
computers	In brief,	In brief, the main reason I am looking to get a new PC is because my current one has been giving me problems and it is time for an upgrade. Score: 9     Title: [Build Complete] First build ever! Text: So i just finished building this thing with some help from /r/buildapc and a few other subreddits.	3.6	3	4.8
computers	In brief,	In brief, the new version of OpenBSD is available now and you should check out the details page for instructions how to upgrade your computer. What does this update do? In this release version 0.10.0 contains version 4.4 (OpenBSD version 5.1). The major version number (MS Version) in the release is 7.4.	4.2	4.4	4.8
computers	In brief,	In brief, open scientific computing (OSFC) allows researchers to work on large data sets using many computers. Sometimes called the global compute network (GCN), OSFC is comprised of centers and projects around the world that support heterogeneous computational systems that can work together and collaborate to solve real problems in science.	4.8	4.2	4.4
computers	In brief,	In brief, computer systems and digital servers are stored in computer systems. These computers are highly interconnected and have many layers of security built into them. This means that although there is no information about who holds these systems, they can be used to attack. There are many ways that hackers can use the information to break into or steal information.	4.6	3.8	4.4
computers	In brief,	In brief, I want to build a PC that will last me for the next 5 years. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First time builder - i5-3570k + GTX 760 and SSD in RAID 0 (waiting on my HDD)   Text: This is my first post here so please forgive any formatting errors.	3.4	3	4.4
computers	In brief,	In brief, you can add to your list, delete, or add items. You can also add to a list by dragging and deleting items. The add button is located in the top bar and allows for quick item selection and deletion. When the item is added to the list, you can use the keyboard shortcut Ctrl+Shift+Add to open the menu and select the item.	4	3.2	4.4
computers	In brief,	In brief, PocketC.H.I.P is designed with a modular architecture that allows you to easily add new features and expand upon existing functionality without the need for additional hardware components or an expansion board like a Raspberry Pi or Arduino Shield. *   How does it work?	3.4	3.2	3.6
computers	In brief,	In brief, Windows computers run by computers or other computers. The software that runs the computers is created by programs that "mine" data from your computer and store it, whether it's from a special memory card, or from the internet. The computer, which is a tiny piece of hardware, is designed so it can operate in the dark.	3.8	2.8	4.4
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of the difference between a single core and dual core. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First PC build in 4 years - $1500 gaming rig   Text: I built this system about 2 months ago after doing some research on what was out there. I'm not sure if it's considered an upgrade to my current setup but it seems like it'd be more than enough power for most games.	3.4	3.2	3.4
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of how the internet works. Google Fiber has been around for over a decade and has been around for many Internet of Things devices and internet-connected televisions. In 2016, the company expanded its Fiber network from 10Mbps broadband download speeds to 25Mbps download speeds.	3.8	4.2	4.8
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of ions traveling through a tunnel. Credit: Austin Bognes/NC State In a paper published this week in Nature Communications, researchers report using laser pulses fired from an Focused Accelerator System (FAS) to create optical nanoscale tunnels that transport ions at speeds up to about 1.6 centimeters per second (29 meters per second).	3.4	3	4.4
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of computer systems that run on computers and are computers, although computing-related industries are almost entirely digital-sending these days. In 2011, 5.2 million people in the US were employed in computer and computer-related occupations.	3.6	3.6	4
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of the case   Score: 8     Title: [Build Complete] My first gaming PC build - Gaming Rig and a monitor   Text: I have been wanting to do this for some time now but never got around to it. This is my second build, my last one was about 5 years ago so it wasn't very good at all. I am really happy with how well everything turned out.	4.2	3.2	4.6
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of Google's artificial intelligence system that can predict the next page view, based on a user's past searches. The Google self-driving car program, which Google announced in April 2014, was a major project in Google's search engine software program called "Google Maps." Google's artificial intelligence system, which is now being implemented on the software program, was a major project in software development.	4.4	4	5
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of protons orbiting ions shows how protons and ions interact with a magnetic field. Credit: University of Bristol/J.J. Brockhoffer Using computer simulations, researchers from the University of Bristol and Imperial College London have recreated conditions where protons interact with nanocrystalline diamond particles through direct interaction with a magnetic field.	4.4	3	3.8
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of a computer or "computerized" systems, computers and such like. These are computers that use a variety of technologies to emulate those devices, usually related to (and sometimes created by) the mechanical industries. This includes computer-aided design, like in the example above, where you can choose from different materials and shapes for the main body of the system.	4.2	3.2	4.6
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of the differences between a standard and an intel cpu   Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] The first build in almost 10 years   Text: This was my first build, I went with the i7-3770k because it is one of only two processors that will run at stock speeds on this motherboard. Also it's pretty cheap for what you get.	4.2	3.2	3.8
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of a human embryo (right) and the development of human embryos is displayed on the screen at the Institute's computer network. Credit: University Of Cambridge Researchers using computer network analysis have demonstrated for the first time that a process called "network optimization" can be used to identify patterns in complex networks, such as human network networks.	3.6	3.4	3.6
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of atoms simulated through energy dissipation. Credit: Google/Autonomous Reasoning Lab The Google Brain team recently released DeepDream, an open source software toolkit that enables computers to simulate the shapes and activities of neural networks from neurons to synapses in order to learn complex behaviors and perform scientific calculations.	3.4	3.4	3
computers	An illustration of	An illustration of desktop computers are machines with programs that run on computers. They are programs that process data, send it to the machines and transmit it back to the computer, just like a text file. There are usually more than one of these programs on your computer. What are they for?	4.4	3.6	4.2
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to ask me in the comments below and I'll try my best to help you. Score: 9     Title: [Troubleshooting] My computer is not recognizing the graphics card I bought for it. What can i do?	3.8	3.6	4.2
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, it's a lot smaller. "The new MacBook is smaller in size, with a 5.25- inch panel, and the new 13-inch MacBook is a lot bigger." says the company. "That means it'll be smaller in the palm of the hand."	4	3.8	4.2
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, researchers announced recently that mice with missing or damaged copies of a gene called RAS have a better ability to withstand infection with HIV than healthy mice. The findings suggest that tweaking this gene could one day allow cancer patients to live longer by helping them recognize and treat infections sooner.	4	2.6	2.4
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, computers and computers need to work on computer hardware. Sometimes computer hardware or software cannot cope with continuous workloads as a large amount of time is spent on boot-up and system maintenance. For example, PC hardware can take up to 6 hours to load a new program.	4.2	3.8	4.4
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, I don't know if it's just me or not, but the computer seems to run much cooler than it used to. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first ever PC build - Thanks /r/buildapc for all your help and advice over the years!	3.4	3	4.8
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, it is important to use the following command in your command shell:  /dev/null  This will return the device to its original state (no drivers or network installed). It is not an error. It may help if your machine has some kind of network connectivity.	3.6	3	4.8
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, researchers demonstrated algorithms that mimicked human visual perception and memory. However, while online vision software may eventually surpass the performance of human experts in their ability to analyze vast amounts of data and adapt to new stimuli and situations, its inherent limitations as an art form mean that users don't necessarily need to compromise on vision quality or speed when using image recognition software.	4.2	2.8	4.8
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, software systems such as "computer-programming" programs can simulate the environment and simulate human behavior. This is particularly true of the topics of physical and mental fitness and is often invoked as a motivation to help us make better decisions. There are already major research institutes dedicated to helping people with mental and physical conditions improve their health, particularly their self-awareness.	4	3	4.8
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, if you have a good video card that can handle the game, it will be very difficult to beat this game without using cheats or mods. Score: 12     Title: [Build Complete] First build in 3 years, and I love it! Thanks for all your help buildapc! Text: So after some time of lurking here I've finally decided to go ahead with my first build.	3.4	2.6	3.4
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, it is likely that many of your devices have a built-in camera, which means you have no need to add your own software to use it. This could also mean that you don't have to install the necessary app in order to access your camera. The Camera app is available for iOS 7 on both the iPhone and iPad.	4	3.4	4.2
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, researchers demonstrated using quantum computers that any bit encoded in a high-dimensional space like the unit cell of our universe (two dimensions x 2 ) can be simultaneously stored and manipulated as though it is one bit in a regular 2D space.	3	3.4	4.2
computers	Furthermore,	Furthermore, computer hardware and software systems have to be used. This is the reason why it's great that a computer is used to store information. Hence, we have the right to use that information for our own purposes. Hence, no legal conditions should apply to the use of information or data that is downloaded or obtained from a computer.	4	3.8	4.2
computers	The central theme	The central theme of this build is to be able to play games like Skyrim and BF3 on ultra at 1080p with 60 fps or better settings. I am also looking for a good case that can support the GTX 750 Ti in SLI. Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] My first build! Thanks /r/Buildapc!	3.2	3	3.4
computers	The central theme	The central theme of the book is that the world is changing and that humans are changing it. We have moved beyond simple computers that run code. We now live in virtual and cloud-based digital services and apps that communicate directly with the cloud and with other applications running on the internet. We have virtual data storage, cloud computing, virtual cloud services, Internet-connected devices and online cloud storage services.	4.2	3	4.6
computers	The central theme	The central theme in computing these days is software defined networking (SDN) and how it can allow for finer grain data delivery over a single hypervisor stack. Cisco has been a leader in the SDN space with their IOS Enterprise Firewall (IEF) running on top of either OpenFlow or NSX, both operating systems based off Linux kernel components.	3.6	3	4.4
computers	The central theme	The central theme of computers and computers is computer networks. We are now using computers to do everyday things, such as connect to the Internet or send and receive data from our mobile phones. To the rescue of the population from the cybercriminals is our computer-based digital currency, Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a new electronic currency issued by a computer program which allows users to send bitcoins to one another.	4	3	4.6
computers	The central theme	The central theme of this build is to be able to play games at 1080p on a budget and I was wondering if anyone had any recommendations for good graphics cards. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first gaming PC (Gaming Rig)   Text: This has been my very first ever computer build. I'm not sure what the best parts were but here are some pics of it in action.	4	3.4	4.2
computers	The central theme	The central theme of the book is the relationship between the human mind and its environment. As the book describes, the mind is a computerized computer, which is used for computer programming. The computer software program is a program that is stored on an electronic storage medium (such as CD-ROM) and is stored on an external hard drive (such as USB flash drive). The software program is executable program files.	4.2	3.6	4.8
computers	The central theme	The central theme in computer history has been the rise of personal computers originally designed and built to serve specific niches such as developing languages or playing games.	3.2	3	4.2
computers	The central theme	The central theme of computers is computers (computer programs) or "puters", which are computer memory and other equipment that stores information and communicates with the computer network via the Internet or other means. The computer is used to store the data in the memory. Data is typically stored in one of three kinds of forms: hard disks, memory chips, or magnetic diskettes.	4.4	3.6	4.6
computers	The central theme	The central theme of this build is that I am looking for a good gaming rig to play games like Starcraft 2, League of Legends, and Diablo 3 on at least medium settings with 60fps or higher. **Provide any additional details you wish below.	4	2.4	3.6
computers	The central theme	The central theme from the latest episode of 'The Flash' is that of a hero. It's not that the series is trying to sell us on a new version of its characters. Rather, it is trying to tell us that it's time to stop looking for heroes in our own backyard, and to take a look at our own home world of The Flash, and the people living there.	4	3.4	2.6
computers	The central theme	The central theme at HackerConnect 2017 was to think of new ideas that people will never do. Starting in May, one of the largest companies in the world plans to hold an innovative competition called HACK50, where teams will submit projects and receive prizes for winning a design patent.	4	2.2	4.8
computers	The central theme	The central theme of computer models used by computer systems is computers that run operating systems like Linux or Windows. Therefore a computer that runs Linux and is connected to the internet will be able to manage remote applications on the internet. It's an interesting thing because unlike computers in your office that run Windows, your computer will not always run these applications and its own components.	4	2.6	4.4
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, I have been looking for a new PC since my old one was on it's last legs and it is time to move on. Score: 10     Title: [Build Complete] My first build in over 8 years - First ever gaming build! Thanks r/BuildAPC!	3.2	3	4
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, there are three primary reasons to implement this algorithm:  1. The algorithm can be used in a variety of different situations. It can be used for text search, image search, and web analytics. 2.	4.4	3.4	4.8
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, computer programming is one of those subjects that seems interesting but—unlike mathematics or physics—sits firmly within an academic bubble in most classrooms and educational environments. This means that many people don't realize just how deep (and important) this subject really is.	4.4	3.6	4.8
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, computers & networks: 'Do not be fooled by computers' or 'desktops' are better thought of as what he likes to call 'desktops'. These are the devices which control and operate the computers. A computer is a device which is contained in an enclosure, or a box, and consists of multiple parts in which power is supplied and controlled.	3.8	3	4.4
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, I would like to thank everyone for the great advice and feedback so far on this subreddit. Score: 14     Title: [Build Complete] My first ever PC build - First time builder in over 10 years (pics inside)   Text: This was my very first computer build. It took me about 8 months of research before deciding which parts were worth it and what not.	3	3.4	4.2
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, in general, the current state of software is fairly stable. We're able to build and release software on Linux without a problem, and that's good for developers and users. It also means that we're able to keep improving our software and software software software. But, software developers are also software developers.	3.6	4	5
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, Intel announced their upcoming Haswell based Core M processors back in April of this year. These processors use the 22nm Haswell architecture with unlocked multipliers and Turbo Boost support for faster performance compared to their Ivy Bridge based predecessors. Considering these processors should launch sometime around summer of 2013, we shouldn't have too long before we see these new chips hit store shelves.	3.2	3.6	4.8
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, computers or "hardware" computers are difficult to manage both in terms of their physical design and their capabilities of doing things. They can easily be controlled by human or computer instructions and are often susceptible to deliberate abuse.	3.2	3.2	4.4
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, I would like to know what you guys think about this build. Score: 8     Title: [Build Complete] My first build in a long time and I'm really happy with it. Thanks /r/buildapc for all the help along the way!	4.4	3.2	2.8
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, we have observed the emergence of an artificial global system in a networked world of virtual machines, where the virtual world is an integrated computer system and the virtual machine is the networked server network. This system is a networked virtual network interface (NNI interface). Our results provide new insights into virtual network infrastructure design and virtual network protocol design.	4.2	3.8	4.4
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, IBM announced this month the availability of SHA-256 as the industry standard cryptographic hash algorithm for storing integrity metadata (e.g. hashing checksums, encoding and decoding strings, storing compressed files) across its full solution portfolio spanning Windows Server 2012 R2 through current versions (and beyond).	4.2	3.6	4.4
computers	To conclude,	To conclude, computer resources are smart enough hardware. But, some people are unable to run online or non-online programs on their smart phones, which will be some of the most used computers and laptops in the world. The network is at fault and the path of least resistance is to install a malware through an Internet browser of some kind, or on some server.	3.2	3.8	4.8
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect of this build is that I am not planning on overclocking, and only want to run games at 1080p with a 60fps frame rate in most cases. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First build, looking for some feedback before i start building my next one.	3.4	3	3.8
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect of the process is the ability to make the product. This is where things get very complex. A process that is very simple on a hardware level can become difficult if you need to change software. The process for creating software can be divided into three parts:  The design  The software design  The hardware design  When creating software software is a hardware process.	4.4	3	5
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect programmers need to keep their users from accessing data on other drives is security. If there are two copies of a file, an attacker could potentially steal all files in one drive if they know where the second copy lies, and because Vista uses an encryption layer to secure system folders.	3.8	3	4.4
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect of computers and computing devices  As you may have guessed, computer equipment is highly complex. In fact, some computers run on batteries. This means that you have to provide the computer with electricity at all times (in particular the battery would take energy out of the system). As a result, there are usually several batteries or batteries and it can be very expensive for the manufacturer.	4.6	3	4.8
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect of this build is that I plan to use it for gaming, and am looking at a couple different builds in the future. **What are your thoughts on the build? Do you have any suggestions or concerns?	4	2.8	3.4
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect is that we must not be fooled into trusting that the data is secure. This is because it is the security model of the application itself that is secure. It is the application's data and configuration file (in Windows XP SP 2.3.1). It is the data that is encrypted on disk.	4.2	2.4	4.6
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect software engineers should keep in mind is that despite how tempting it may seem to think of features as purely aesthetic choices, real-world features can actually improve user experience by solving specific tasks, such as displaying useful information when viewing large images or navigating websites while driving.	3.8	2.6	4.6
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect of computers and computer programs can't be kept perfectly hidden. Giant minds can make things quite complicated for little benefit. "When you start to think about what could go wrong, all sorts of weird things start to happen," according to a recent report by Wired. "The global power grid needs a lot of monitoring to keep its computers from going wild."	3.6	2.6	4.8
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect of this is that the processor can be overclocked to a much higher speed than what I have available in my current system without having to change out any components. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First time building ever and everything went well! Thanks for all your help! Text: This was my first build ever.	3.6	2.2	4.8
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect of a good game development workflow is the ability to build an environment that enables the development team to collaborate effectively and efficiently on the project from start to finish. This is the most important part and it's a very difficult one. The development environment has to be designed with a wide variety of software and hardware devices and platforms in mind.	3.8	3	5
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect Apple designers took into consideration is that a fingerprint reader (either using Touch ID or by using the True Depth camera feature) needs to be placed underneath the Home button on the front of iPhone 5s screen with minimal pressure needed. While your finger can rest lightly over home button without touching sensor, placing your finger over sensor requires a good amount of pressure to register a fingerprint.	4	2.2	4
computers	The key aspect	The key aspect of computers (physical) devices is computers. In this sense computers are not only of limited use and are primarily used for processing, as opposed to anything else. They are just ordinary computers in general. And, as our dear uncle said: "Is there anything that's more basic than a little computer?"	3.4	3	5
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this I was using a Corsair H80i liquid cooler which is pretty good but the water pump kept going out on me every few days and it would take about an hour or so for my computer to boot up. This new one has been working great since day 1 with no issues. Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] First build in ~2 years, looking forward to seeing what you guys think!	4	2	3
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this article I'd mentioned that the term'microservices' is a bit of a misnomer. I'm pretty sure that this article would be much longer if I had used the proper terms like'microservice architecture', microframework and microservice. If you want to know more about microservices you can check them out here.	4.6	4	4.2
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this software architecture shift, running Linux on a Raspberry Pi depended entirely on the hardware vendor's open source drivers. When that vendor stopped providing Linux kernel 3.16+ drivers for their devices, FreeBSD replaced its own multi-vendor driver with proprietary OpenVZ tools and powersave scheduler from clang instead of migrating userspace updates from older kernels into the mainline branch itself.	4.2	2	4.4
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this software systems (PCs) or "software" systems, I was aware that computers could be "almost" electric if the right parts were made. However, it seems that we have moved on so far from that vision. Today the main thought behind this is to overcome the most fundamental technical problems and to turn computers into electricity which can then be connected to the electricity grid.	4	3	3.8
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this I had been using a Corsair H60 which is an amazing heatsink and fan but it was too big for my case. Score: 10     Title: [Build Complete] First build in over 6 years - Thanks r/buildapc!	3.6	2.8	3.6
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this year, it was common to see the term "frozen" used in place of "deadlocked". However, we can use an algorithm called "hash" to help determine which way the fork would prefer to move. When we use the hash algorithm, the fork would choose an alternate path.	3.8	4.2	4.8
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this patent applying for in February 1991, IBM researchers had developed an implementation called ALGOL 68 that used conventional graphics primitives such as rectangles and box regions to generate graphics. Prior drawings from that work described using only rectangular arrays with fixed widths and height (e.g., 64×64 pixels).	3.4	3.6	4.4
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this system of machines (computer) and computers (computer/computer machines) or "games", computers were more or less just a piece of metal or a piece of glass, that served some purpose, it could be plugged into a TV set to control the screen.	4	3.8	5
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this I had been using a Dell XPS 8300 for about two years and was quite happy with it. The one thing that really bothered me though is the fact that it got hot pretty quickly. This laptop gets very warm when playing games or watching videos so my concern was whether I'd be able to handle it.When i received it, I immediately started installing programs on it (Photoshop, Lightroom, etc.)	4.6	3	4.6
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this week, I've been working on a small application to display a map view in a window. I've been using a map view to display a map view and then to display the map view in a window. When you click on the map view to display the map in a window, it opens the application in a window.	4.8	3.2	4.6
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this patent applying for priority in 1995 the only computer supporting wavelet transforms was a Yamaha CP-80 with phase shift registers (PSRs).	3.6	2.6	4.4
computers	Prior to this	Prior to this, computer hardware/software/electronic gadgets. It is extremely difficult and painful for scientists and technicians. We rely on the success of the scientists in order to acquire the necessary knowledge to get involved in current field of research. It is no surprise that so many scientists in the field of critical analysis, motivated and concerned to do their research in an efficient way.	4.6	3.4	4.4
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the two parts of my post:   1. I have a friend who is in college and has been for almost 2 years now - she does not receive any financial aid or scholarships from her family to pay tuition but still manages to go through school on her own. She currently works as an intern at one of our local hospitals which pays around $1200 per month.	3.6	2.4	2.4
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are five key aspects which will make your website attractive to potential customers. This article has been developed to help web developers with their web site design and web development process. It is a great resource for web developers looking for inspiration when starting their web development journey. 1.	3.6	2.4	4.8
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are open-source tools like Subversion and Git that allow people to collaborate, share and build on projects. Indeed, using versions of these software is why Continuous Integration tools exist; they allow us to use the same sources (usually GitHub) every time we run a code test for our app.	3.8	2.4	4.2
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are Computer Vending Machines  Computer Vending Machines (CVM)  The CVM - or a computer system that runs programs that direct digital information to an electronic source - are so used for most personal computers that they are often mistaken for personal computers. These systems process and store information generated by the computer at a relatively slow rate.	3.8	2.6	4.6
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the parts of this post that will be discussed in a later post. Score: 10     Title: [Build Complete] First build for my brother - A Gaming PC   Text: This is his first build, and he wanted to share it with me so I can help him out. He was able to get all the components from Microcenter except for the CPU cooler.	4.2	2.6	4.4
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the major differences between the three major types of code, which we'll examine in the following sections. The most important difference: The type system is much simpler  There are many different ways to implement a web application. Some web frameworks like ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC make it easy.	4.2	3.6	4.8
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are open-source tools like PyCharm and Python Package Index, which make building applications that work on Linux easier. The environment will also help universities diversify their curricula to take advantage of new technologies. Switching languages is hard work, but with Java 8 and the Java Platform Module System in particular, running web applications on Linux has never been easier or faster.	4.2	3	4.8
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are smart machines called computers; these computers are state-of-the-art computing devices that can be designed, manufactured, sold, and developed to meet complex and demanding systems demands. This allows the market to develop on a global scale. It is part of the value chain on which an entrepreneur can grow a company.	4	3.2	4.6
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the figures for the last five years, and I am not sure if they have changed much in that time. Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] First build, first time building a pc. My final thoughts... Text: So this is my very first build.	4	2.6	4
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are two major differences between these two versions of the app. Firstly, the app now uses Google's API key and password system for authentication, instead of Apple's password manager, password manager or password manager app store password manager. This is to enable users to easily manage multiple passwords, and password reset password reset system.	4.2	2.6	5
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are open-source tools like Vagrant that you can install yourself and use to easily set up virtual machines with multiple instances of your application. The cloud service works on top of a host machine, giving you even greater control over operating costs and security while helping simplify deployment. Check out Cloudify's dedicated guide on building Python applications with Vagrant here.	4	2.6	4.8
computers	Emphasised are	Emphasised are computers which are computers, so you can type words and solve problems using the letters on a screen. Now you can use your computer to solve the same problem in your shop and your child could do the same. This is because there is a computer on your computer to solve the problems that you set up.	3.8	2.4	4.4
computers	To summarise	To summarise this is a great budget build that I can use for gaming and video editing as well as general use. Score: 6     Title: [Build Help] Gaming PC - $1500 Budget or so? Text: I'm looking to get my hands on a new pc soon after Christmas but I'm not sure if it's worth the money at all.	3.8	2.6	4.2
computers	To summarise	To summarise, there's a lot of information out there regarding this issue. There are many articles, forum threads, blogs and other resources. It's also possible to download and run a tool from a source such as MS SQL Server Management Studio. It's also possible to download a database database from the server to be used in the script.	3.4	2.4	4.4
computers	To summarise	To summarise consuming data over a network via TCP/IP requires running multiple copies of Python and reading the standard input. In addition to this the server-side needs to convert any graphs generated by Graphite into JSON, format it correctly and write it back out over WebSockets.	3.8	2.6	4
computers	To summarise	To summarise (computer), computer systems and/or computers are a "few lines of code". The world of information systems, we are constantly creating new networks, routers, switches and relays. People are creating new networks and systems of communication and are collecting more and more information in order to provide us with new information.	3.8	2.4	4.6
computers	To summarise	To summarise it is a good card for the price but I would recommend getting something with more power. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First build in 7 years and first time building my own PC   Text: I'm new to this subreddit so please forgive me if there's any formatting issues. Also sorry about not updating you guys often enough.	3.6	2	3.8
computers	To summarise	To summarise, the main point is that we have not yet found the source code files. In order to compile them we need to build the binaries and run command line. In Windows, it is called "windows binary". Now, the Windows binary contains files that have executable binary file path and file name.	4	2	4.4
computers	To summarise	To summarise Advanced Signal Processing is an area that I've spent a great deal of time reading and understanding since college.	2.6	2.8	3.2
computers	To summarise	To summarise processes and computers/software machines (database). You use computers to access the information you need, therefore, you are probably familiar with the theory of data structures. This is basically, you create a structure of data, (with its smallest element being one), which you use to construct and read data from it. The most widely used data structures are the C/C++/Java programming languages.	3.8	2	4.8
computers	To summarise	To summarise - I have a GTX 660 Ti and an MSI Z97-GAMING 5 motherboard with the latest BIOS   Score: 7     Title: [Build Help] Is there any reason to spend more on CPU heatsink than GPU? Text: I'm thinking of building my own PC in the near future but for now it's just going to be used as a HTPC.	3.4	2.6	4.8
computers	To summarise	To summarise the results, we found the most frequent and most important keywords to click in the top 20 most popular websites (based upon Alexa rank). The results are sorted in a top 100 format (i.e. Google search results page) with the first page being the top page and the second page being the second page of page 1.	3.6	2	4.4
computers	To summarise	To summarise PocketThing is an application that allows users to create videos from multiple sources. It integrates with any kind of video editor (ProTools, Premiere Pro, Elements), from within Android apps like Nova or Video Editor+. For example you could use PocketThing in a Premiere Pro project to add transitions while still maintaining playback control over your video.	4	2.6	4.6
computers	To summarise	To summarise: computers and computers are connected to computers; that is to say, machines that are physically connected to the internet, usually wired, or through a wireless connection. You can install a network router into your existing router, but the network technology will need to be upgraded, particularly if you are an existing customer. You can do this yourself with a router upgrade.	4	2.4	4.8
computers	The relationship	The relationship between the two is that I have a monitor with an HDMI port and my laptop has one without so it's not like I'm using them at different times. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First build, thanks for all of your help guys! Text: Hi /r/buildapc, I've been lurking here for quite some time now but this was my first build.	2.6	2.6	3.2
computers	The relationship	The relationship between the Internet protocol and the Internet domain name system was defined and implemented in RFC 6455 [RFC6119]. The RFC defines the DNS protocol [RFC6455]. The RFC defines DNS servers [RFC6455]. The DNS server is a computer program that receives DNS queries, parses them, and returns a domain name server that contains information about that query.	3.6	2.6	4.2
computers	The relationship	The relationship computer started as just another pair of books—but over the past century it's evolved from one book into something that's interesting and unique." Scientists have been working to make digital objects more "naturalistic"—that is, made from organic materials rather than metal or plastic.	3.6	2.6	3.2
computers	The relationship	The relationship between computers and servers (called "computer software"). This information can be used for many different purposes, such as calculating or managing software code. It is also possible to analyse the information stored in computer memory or to extract information from other files (such as photos, videos or emails).	3	2.6	4.8
computers	The relationship	The relationship between the two is that I have a PC with an i5-3570k and it runs games like Skyrim at medium settings on my GTX 680s. This means I've been able to play all of my current titles in ultra settings. Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] My first build - it's finally here! Text: So this was my first build.	4	2.4	4
computers	The relationship	The relationship between a parent and children is one of the most important in the life of the individual. The relationship of an individual and his or her children are also very important. It is very important to have a strong relationship with children. The relationship of parents and children is also important.	3.8	4.2	2.2
computers	The relationship	The relationship computer should have. [Kira] So what exactly is an ASM and why is it useful to hardware implementation engineers? Is this something you've already been thinking about, or are there still areas where you're interested in pursuing this area of development?	3.8	2.6	4.4
computers	The relationship	The relationship between computers and computer software are "troublesome" and hard-to-understand applications, like telephony, that rely on algorithms to solve problems. According to the report, networks for hackers must use techniques known as spearphishing and covert campaigns. The malware in the report is called Stuxnet.	4.2	2.6	4.4
computers	The relationship	The relationship between the two is not clear to me. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first build - AMD Athlon 64 X2 2500+ @ 2.6Ghz with Asus P8Z68-V/GEN3 motherboard and Corsair Vengeance DDR2 RAM at 1600MHz   Text: I have always wanted a gaming PC but never had one until now. This was my first computer build.	4	3	4.6
computers	The relationship	The relationship between the brain and the brain is not a monolithic system, but a multistep system that includes: the brain (e.g. the brainstem), the motor network (e.g. the motor cortex), the autonomic network (e.g. the parasympathetic network), the brain network (e.g.	4.2	4.2	4.6
computers	The relationship	The relationship computer represents "actualized" hypothetical experiences. As such, the computer moves and vibrates based on internal musculature (muscles that have been intentionally strengthened or down-regulated). With proper software tuning and system management, different models can "see" people uniquely depending on a virtual—rather than physical—body mass (a signal akin to body scan technologies like Google Glass).	4.4	3	3.8
computers	The relationship	The relationship between computers and computers. For the data generated by computers, computers are used to analyze, draw and calculate information. The more you search for it in order to identify it, the more information you will find. Finding Data  Below is a list of sites where you can find information about all of the ways to find data.	4.4	3.6	4.8
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, I have a really nice setup for my work and I'm not going to be using it all the time so this is more of an investment than anything else. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first build ever in less then 1 year (Gaming PC &amp; HTPC). Thanks /r/buildapc!	4	2.8	4.2
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, the researchers say, this data could help to identify new ways of storing data on mobile devices. It will allow developers to write more secure code to store data online. The Internet of things is changing the business Internet infrastructure. The Internet of Things has a web-service protocol (WPS) connection.	3.8	2.8	4.8
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, companies need to realize that while most new products will feature tiny bits of abstracted hardware and software around a motherboard (or CPU), little projects can still gain adoption by showcasing what's possible with open source technologies. Community hacks using Arduino shields and Raspberry Pis give people an opportunity to create interesting electronics projects without spending thousands on expensive components.	3.8	2.8	4.4
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, computers can't be stored, but usually software can't be easily manipulated into any kind of organised state and vice versa. We can easily understand that today's computer systems can't be used as well as the ones back in the 19th Century or the 20th Century. So how does this all relate to humans today?	3.8	2.6	4.6
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, I need to be able to do a lot of things with my computer that aren't possible on any other laptop. Score: 6     Title: [Build Help] Is it worth buying an SSD when the price is so low? Text: I'm looking at building a PC and was wondering if it's worth getting one for $100.	3.8	2.4	4
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, there are many applications that are designed for embedded devices, but that also can run Android applications. For example, Android app developers can easily write a mobile Web browser for their applications. Android applications can be embedded software applications written in Java. In Java, you can use an embedded Java application as a Linux kernel module file, Linux kernel source code, or Linux application software.	4.4	2.6	4.2
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, companies need to understand what makes their business identities where people spend their time and what services they use tick. And given that more than 80 percent of web traffic comes from mobile devices, deciding how to build products for the next wave of users will require thinking outside the box.	4.4	2.4	3.4
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, computer systems that can't be accessed in Google's computers:  There are 3G/4G standards that have been developed with the goal of making it easier for companies to connect to each other, communicate, and work in a non-invasive way. These standards are currently not quite ready for production but they are expected to be soon.	4.2	2.6	4.8
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, I was able to get a new monitor for less than half of what it would have cost me at the store. Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] My first build with parts from Newegg and Amazon (Thanks /r/buildapc!) Text: The components were bought through newegg.com and amazon.com. They are all very high quality parts.	3.2	2.8	4
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, we are committed to delivering the best user experience. We are focused on the user experience and the user experience is a critical piece of our product's value proposition. This means that we focus on the user's experience, the user experience is key. The user experience is a vital component of our user acquisition process and we are constantly improving our user experience.	4.2	3	4.4
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, companies need to understand what makes their business a valuable source for information. Because information on the web is constantly evolving and changing, leveraging content from one source that's relevant today could improve user experience or increase revenue down the road. If you're interested in learning more about data architecture and building powerful enterprise-class applications with Python and Django, check out our developer panels.	3.2	3.2	4.4
computers	More importantly,	More importantly, computer (computer) machines don't get very complex. However, computers are not very advanced machines, but the hard drive containing their data still contains the essential mathematical information that computers can use for manipulating and combining it to form any desired mathematical equations.	3.8	3	4.2
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown that the FX-8350 is a good choice for gamers and overclockers looking to get better performance out of their GPU. The R9 390 also does well in this regard, but with its higher price tag it seems like you are paying more per unit than what you're getting from the R9-290.	4.6	3.4	4.8
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown that the presence of a human ear on a screen causes eye tracking software to track an eye movement onscreen. This was demonstrated at the Consumer Electronics Expo 2012 in Las Vegas. However, how eye tracking software is used on a desktop computer has not been well defined. This paper aims to provide an overview of the various eye tracking software applications available to Windows users.	4.6	2.8	4.8
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown that when mice type incorrectly using a keyboard using mechanical switches (such as typing in French), they have better long-term memory and have less anxiety than those mice with non-mechanical keys. The mouse's input location can also be mapped to different locations on the screen, allowing users to more precisely control cursor movement while typing.	4	2.8	4.4
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown that computer systems such as computers, "see-no-evil" systems and other electronic devices use electricity as their main source of energy to power electronic devices. These systems use electrical energy as their main source of power, which in turn produces heat and it is common for computers to run on one of these power sources.	4.6	2.8	4.6
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown that the CPU fan is not very efficient at cooling down a system with overheating. The fans are placed in front of the power supply and heat up it up. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] First Build! Thanks for all your help!	3.2	3	4.4
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown that a single person may have as much or as little as 2.0 GB memory on a Windows device. In this blog post I will explain how to create a simple web application on Windows that can be used for storage of images. In my first tutorial I used the WebKit Web Client to connect to the Internet and store image data.	4	3	4.6
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown that when downloading files using Flash directly from Adobe's website, a vulnerability known as Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) can be triggered to perform malicious actions on websites loaded by Flash. Malicious Javascript running in browser history will be able to capture sensitive information like session cookies and other unique data even if the tab is closed.	2.8	3	4.8
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown in many computer systems (including computers) computers. But what happens in a computer system is often different. In the beginning, a computer will do its thing and will look for any data which could be stored on its hard disk (or memory).	4	3.2	4.6
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown to be a great motherboard for overclocking, and the price is very competitive with other motherboards. Score: 7     Title: [Build Complete] First time building PC   Text: I just finished my first build using this subreddit and it was pretty awesome. This sub helped me pick out parts that would work together nicely without spending too much money.	3.4	2.6	4.2
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown that the ability to read and write to an array of bytes is very useful in a computer program. It is not a memory memory, but a stack memory. An array of bytes can be read and written to.	3.6	2.4	4.2
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown that when users type text using a Windows Phone 8 device, the letters and characters appear to stretch. In addition, typing punctuation characters or certain HTML tags such as <p> or <a href="..."> results in additional spacing between each character.	3.6	2.4	3.8
computers	It has been shown	It has been shown in computers. Computers can read this and current technology that's why we can use our brain for it all day! But, until now, it was not possible to examine how our brains are changing, how they behave, and then how they might be affected by new technologies.	3	2	4.8
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the GPU not being able to handle high frame rates and constant 1080p at 60fps. I was using a GTX 660 Ti in this build so it wasn't an issue. My question is how can i fix it? Should I just get another card?	4.4	3	3.2
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on an issue that had been raised by the community and the developers. It involved the use of the Windows Store as a service in Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2. The user interface for the user interface (UI) client application was updated with the Windows 10 desktop app as a service. The Windows Store application is a Windows application that runs as the operating system desktop.	4	2.6	4.6
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on features specific to certain kinds of images. For example, some ISPs block automated image recognition tools like Pixlr's Bitmap Bender tool because it "harvest[s] large amounts of images from the Internet" without proper metadata about how or where each image came from.	4.6	2.2	4.6
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on CPU resources such as PC computers, and has been known to be relatively simple to implement. The code responsible for this problem is called calleer.c. The issue was solved in a similar way in version 11 of the system which is based on Linux. It is important to point out that both versions of the system use SMP that is shared by all the CPUs in the system.	3.8	2.4	4.8
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the graphics card and how it was able to output a 1080p signal over HDMI. Score: 6     Title: [Build Help] I need some help with my first build   Text: I'm new here so please forgive me if this is in the wrong subreddit. But I've been looking at building PCs for about 2 months now but nothing has really caught my eye.	3.2	2.8	3.4
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on whether the NSA was collecting data on phone data, not just the Internet. The government said it's not. "The NSA does not collect, store or share any user data, including data from the Internet," a statement from the agency read.	3.8	3	4.2
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on features like drag and drop. Users complained that drag and drop functionality wasn't as intuitive or useful as it could be, or even available at all. Dragging an image to upload had problems saving to the storage array, for example (since the array's data structure doesn't support file system paths in its structure).	3.8	3	5
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on web servers, computers or other software that are hard to understand, as if it is a strange website they would like to visit. Most computer users are used to using their computer to work for example. The EC has presented various charges in recent years against non-governmental institutions for misuse of computers and networks.	4	3	5
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the graphics card and it would randomly turn off for no reason at all. Score: 8     Title: [Build Complete] My first build, just wanted to share my progress with you guys. Thanks /r/buildapc!	4	3	3.8
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the use of the term "cargo". The issue stated that Cargo was not defined in Cargo manifest files but instead was defined in the manifest files of various other tools, such as jekyll or dockerfile. It was found that using the -o flag in the docker command would make it compile on Ubuntu 12.10.	4.4	3	4.8
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on open-access licensing. Since scientists typically need to build software that's distributed under an open source license like the Apache Software License (ASL), they argued, maintaining these tools for free risks restricting research access.	4	2.6	4.8
computers	The issue focused on	The issue focused on devices/laptop computers that are now "expert" computers that just work with a handful of third-party programs/programs. All it would require is to add a bit more to these programs so that they could do things like search for answers.	4.4	3.2	4.2
computers	In this essay	In this essay I will be explaining why it is so important to have a good motherboard and what the differences are between different brands. Score: 6     Title: [Build Help] Best case for my new build? Text: I'm looking at buying an HTPC build but am having trouble deciding on which one would work best. The reason being that there aren't many cases out there.	2.6	2.8	3.6
computers	In this essay	In this essay, I'll describe the problem of the "troubleshooter". A "troubleshooter" is a device, software, or tool that enables the user to inspect and manage the system in a highly automated manner. This includes software such as web servers (i.e. Apache), PHP, and Ruby on Rails (aka Ruby on Rails server, or Rack).	4	2.8	4.8
computers	In this essay	In this essay series we're going to walk through creating a simple image resizing utility using LibGDX. Along the way we'll create sample code that uses this library to easily crop images from a file, slice and dice those images, set up the new size as required and apply motion blur so it looks good at all angles on mobile screens.	2.8	2.8	4.2
computers	In this essay	In this essay, computer systems  computer computers  cranodb  file managers  disk management  music players  userspace  user.windows  You need such a system to run Windows and you have the intention of getting rid of it by this means.	2.8	2.8	4.8
computers	In this essay	In this essay we will look at the advantages of using a larger cache size and how to choose between different sizes for your application. Score: 7     Title: [Build Ready] Gaming PC - Any suggestions on what I should get? Text: I'm looking to build my own gaming PC. I've been doing some research online but it seems like there are many options out there.	3.6	2.8	3.6
computers	In this essay	In this essay series, "In the Shadows: The Art of the Internet" explores the art and science of creating online art and how it is applied by the web. The Internet is growing, and the web is growing fast. It's easy to create online art online. There is online art and art online, and there are online art online.	4	2.6	3.4
computers	In this essay	In this essay we're going to build a small working proof of concept using Spring Boot 2.x using Java 8 Lambda Expression Language (JSR 335)  You don't have to use JSR335 but it's nice since the version of JDK comes with lambda expression parser and SDKs for both Java 8 (e.g., JEP 223) and Gradle 1.	2.8	2.8	4
computers	In this essay	In this essay, computerized computers (called "programming machines") are called computers. This allows computers to do all the complicated things the human brain needs. Computer-assisted assembly is a relatively new way to write the basic computers. But its development and use is already being used by a lot of computer programmers.	4.6	2.6	4.2
computers	In this essay	In this essay we will examine the differences between Intel and AMD processors in terms of their instruction sets, performance characteristics, and power consumption. Score: 6     Title: [Build Complete] My first build was a little rough but it got me into PC gaming for good. I still have some room to grow. Thanks r/buildapc!	3.8	3.4	3.6
computers	In this essay	In this essay I will attempt to outline the basic principles of a good programming language, and provide some examples of code that can be generated from those principles. The goal is to generate a web application with Python and JavaScript that runs on the web. JavaScript To generate the JavaScript, a Python interpreter is installed.	4	3	4.4
computers	In this essay	In this essay we're going to cover setting up a home theater or media center PC running Windows Server 2008 R2 in a NAS configuration. The purpose of the media server is to help provide and automatically mirror any local MP3, video or other audio files for storage on an external hard drive (HDD).	4.2	3	3.8
computers	In this essay	In this essay, computers and computer systems are small electronic devices. Typically, these machines will take a few seconds to do a couple of tasks that usually require several actions to complete. When these actions are performed, the machine starts to do what you want. Sometimes this operation will take several seconds.	3.6	3	4.6
politics	In summary	In summary   Score: 8     Title: The Republican Party is in a state of denial about the economic crisis that they face. They are fighting to keep their hold on power, and this will only get worse with time. Text: I am not sure if anyone else has noticed this, but there seems to be an almost complete lack of concern from GOP politicians regarding what we have seen over the last few months.	3.6	3.4	4.4
politics	In summary	In summary, the US has been the world's largest economy for decades. However, it has been increasingly reliant on imports from China. US imports from China, for the last 20 years, has declined sharply while imports from Mexico have increased. The trade deficit with Canada has increased from $2.2 billion in 1990 to $3.3 billion in 2013.	4	2.6	4.4
politics	In summary	In summary Republican dominance of Washington, and Democratic dismal majorities in statehouses and Congress don't mean voters support electing liberal candidates. Far from it: Romney's attitude shows how partisanship controls the equation for most Americans. While Clinton may win over some progressives, her appeal remains political correctness at work on both sides of the aisle pushing voters away from serious policy initiatives and toward empty soundbites.	4.2	2.8	4.8
politics	In summary	In summary, Stephen Paddock used a number of weapons in the attack, including a high-capacity gun that was used to shoot his way through a crowd of people. The FBI has yet to determine the motive for the attack, but no major attacks in Las Vegas have yet been made public. The victims were not reported as shot and killed by officers.	3.4	2.6	4.8
politics	In summary	In summary   Score: 10     Title: The US has a long history of using the military to protect corporate interests, and it continues today. But the public is not as aware about this history. Text: I have been researching my book on U.S. foreign policy for years, but until recently was unaware that there were so many examples where the United States used its armed forces in order to further private interests.	4	3.4	4.4
politics	In summary	In summary, the results show a significant increase in the number of students who say they would consider voting Republican or leaning Republican in the midterm elections. Among Democrats only 37 percent have said they'd vote GOP state legislature, the same number of Democrats said they'd support the state legislature as state senate state government. In state state government, the Democratic state senate is state legislature and state senate state government is state assembly.	4.2	2.6	4.4
politics	In summary	In summary: Democrats and President Obama are setting up a showdown over their legislative agenda. Democrats want the Senate to increase the immigration reform bill and push for comprehensive immigration reform (though Democrats would be willing to support continuing current law until completion). Republicans want the Senate to confirm Attorney General Holder but oppose many other Obama appointments (except for having Associate Supreme Court Justices confirmed).	4	2.4	4.8
politics	In summary	In summary  This check describes the amount of income a family of five or more is taking from their gross income. It is not calculated by taking into account tax benefits, pension benefits, or other income from the household, but is based on the amount a family would receive in net income if they all worked 50 hours a week for the year. It also includes an itemized deduction for goods and services.	4	3.2	3.8
politics	In summary	In summary   Score: 7     Title: The US Supreme Court has ruled that the federal government can no longer prevent citizens from receiving birth control through their insurance plan. This decision is a huge victory for religious freedom.	4	4	3.4
politics	In summary	In summary, the government of India has taken a step towards the implementation of the GST, by introducing the Goods Tax Act of 2012. The Goods Tax Act provides for a tax rate of 6% on the retail price of a tax item, and 4% tax on the amount tax paid. This tax rate is tax tax on income tax and is tax tax on tax.	4.2	3	4.8
politics	In summary	In summary: Democrats in Washington and Wisconsin, and Independents across the country, are eager for a fresh start from a president who promised to end gridlock by enacting his agenda on day one. (Note: Democrats have yet to coalesce on how to respond [Read it] ) 1) Governor Walker's willingness and ability are key votes in deciding which side wins this election.	4.2	4	4.2
politics	In summary	In summary, please see the following:  Information  Warning  For now, no material in this guide has been edited or updated in any way. This is just the text of the guide. You should see the following in your pre-game screen:  Please note that this guide is about how to play a guide, and there's no "Guide+", just "Guide".	3.8	3.2	2.4
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the importance of a free press in an era where government is increasingly controlled by corporations and special interests. Score: 15     Title: The U.S. Government Is Now Using Private Contractors To Spy On Americans For Profit - They are using this information to spy on you at home for profit.	4	2.2	4.4
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the question of the nature and extent of political rights. In this essay political rights are discussed and contrasted with political authority and with other kinds of political authority. Political rights and other rights  Political rights, in particular, are those rights which are necessary for political authority. Political authority is the power of the State which is the basis of government.	4	3.4	4.2
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand's speech at the party's national convention July 28: Who would have thought that four years after Barack Obama tapped her to head the Senate Democrats' campaign arm, Gillibrand could become a top surrogate for his reelection? She may also face a tough reelection battle in 2014.	4	3	4.2
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses a number of issues that have historically been debated in the social sciences. In addition to these issues, I discuss some key points of view and the experiences of those who hold them, as well as issues of human nature and the market. You can see my work in the following areas:  I consider labor to be an essential condition for all human life.	4	3.2	4.6
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the issue of free trade and why it is important. Score: 6     Title: The U.S. Government Is Now Using Drones To Spy On You - In an effort to combat terrorism, the government has begun using drones as surveillance tools.	4.2	2.2	5
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the use of the phrase "political correctness" to describe a political culture, which has become a political religion. The political correctness movement has come in for much criticism, from conservatives and liberals alike, and I have always found it fascinating. The idea is that a liberal society is too politically conservative; therefore, the conservative political culture should be replaced with a politically progressive one.	4.4	2.6	5
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses campaign tactics and foreign policy. President Obama is touting his record in foreign policy, promising to keep the United States engaged around the globe and rejecting what he views as a Bush-like retreat on domestic issues.	4.4	2.6	4.8
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses whether, and whether, the North Korean regime should be more effectively conducted. It is my belief that North Korea should be more thoroughly assessed by an international community; it is difficult to understand how the U.S. and its allies could properly conduct a serious examination of the North Korean regime unless they were guided by the law of war.	3.8	3	4.8
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the meaning of 'liberal' and how it has been used to justify American foreign policy since World War II. Score: 8     Title: The New York Times is reporting that a U.S. official said last week there was no evidence Iran had tried to develop nuclear weapons. It seems like they are trying to cover up something.	3	3.4	5
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the problem of the American state, with special reference to political economy and state power in the contemporary era. This essay was written in response to an article written in the New Republic in September 2013 entitled "Capitalism and the Politics of State." The essay is the product of an extensive debate with the New Republic editors and contributors.	3.6	4.2	4.8
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses constitutional amendments and direct election of Senators. Reforming the U.S. Constitution of 1787 to increase the size of the federal government has never been more urgent as it is in America today, when both Republicans and Democrats argue over what role our elected officials should play on many critical issues facing this country.	3.4	3	4.8
politics	This essay discusses	This essay discusses, first of all, how to distinguish between events in which a controversy has been raging and events that have been happening. The first type of controversy is one that occurs when a group of people is communicating and then suddenly they see that their conversation and/or expression is being censored, suppressed, or being opposed by the public as an infringement of their freedom of speech.	3.8	2.6	3.6
politics	Views on	Views on the Economy   Score: 8     Title: The Republican Party is now a party of hate and bigotry. What has happened to America? | AlterNet   Text: I don't know if this was posted before, but it seems like every time there are any kind of changes in American politics, some people get upset. It's almost as though they think that change will be bad.	3.4	2.2	3.8
politics	Views on	Views on the economy and public administration are often shaped by partisan politics. And political parties have long had an influence on economic politics, too, as we see from the parties in power. A few years ago, when we talked political economy and politics, one of the first questions asked was: "What do you want from politics? What do you want politicians to do?"	4.4	3	4.8
politics	Views on	Views on Bush put him in line with supporters of GOP nominee Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex. ), a frequent opponent who helped write the health-care law. The Center for Public Integrity's John D. McKinnon has details on the investigation's findings in his series "Bushland."	4.4	3.8	3.8
politics	Views on	Views on EU-led trade agreements are now so negative that I can barely even name one. Is it better for the UK to have been left out of a trade agreement or remain in one? (The polls could prove this wrong, though). Is it better for the UK to be independent or be with the EU?	3.8	2	4
politics	Views on	Views on the Economy   Score: 7     Title: A New York Times Op-Ed by Robert Reich - The Republican Party is a party of rich people who have no interest in helping working people. They are opposed to raising taxes for anyone but themselves. Score: 8     Title: Why do you think that many Americans believe that they will be able to keep their health care plan if it costs them more money?	3.8	2.8	4.8
politics	Views on	Views on the state budget will be important in November's election as Republicans try to win control of state governments for four decades. In the wake of Gov. Chris Christie's administration budget cuts this fiscal year, a new poll of likely voters shows the state is in deep fiscal trouble and voters are divided over state government spending.	4	2.8	4.4
politics	Views on	Views on Kerry and other senior White House aides are complicated, according to the Arizona congressman. Yet, McCain finds his president increasingly focused on foreign policy and the wars underway in Afghanistan and Iraq. "He's done more for ISIS than he did as senator," said McCain, referring to a militant group that operates largely outside Syria and is seeking to overthrow Assad's government.	3.6	3	4.2
politics	Views on	Views on this page are also from Facebook:  Comments (1)   Comment On Your Post  (If you don't see what you're looking for here, just leave a comment!)	3.4	2.6	4.6
politics	Views on	Views on the Economy   Score: 7     Title: A new poll finds that only 15% of Americans are satisfied with their financial situation. And when asked how they would handle a situation like this, most say they'd rather pay off debts than go without health care. Score: 6     Title: If you thought Sarah Palin was bad, wait until you see what she's really like.	4	3	4.8
politics	Views on	Views on the state of the country's economy and government have been mixed. But overall, the country's economic growth has been strong. The government has also taken steps to tackle tax evasion and corruption.	4.6	3.6	4
politics	Views on	Views on constitutional fidelity and judicial activism and how each aligns with the president's agenda. The vice president criticized both, as did Senator Ted Cruz (R., Texas). Judge Roy Moore's supporters cheered his decision to endorse the GOP nominee. And Attorney General Jeff Sessions (R., Ala.) tried to stay out of it.	4.4	3.2	4.8
politics	Views on	Views on 25th March 2016 by Tom Farrey  Some of the most amazing things I've ever seen happened in space, some of which I've never seen before. I just happened to get to see them live from Space Station 39B the ISS has been in space for 2 years, and I've never seen anything like it before.	4	3.4	3.8
politics	The connection	The connection between the two is that he was a member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Score: 7     Title: In an interview with Fox News, Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas) said he would not vote for any bill to raise taxes or cut spending unless it included significant cuts in military spending.	4.2	3.4	3.6
politics	The connection	The connection between the government and the media is a complex one, but the media itself is a political entity. In the case of the United States government, it's the federal government and it's the government of the country. It has its own interests and its own political agenda. There is a state of affairs that can be called state power.	3.8	2.6	4.6
politics	The connection	The connection to McCain, as Mark Salter notes, is that in 1998 McCain sponsored the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act: a law designed to change civil and criminal codes that were the source of most antitrust cases against mergers by American corporations. In 2000 Clinton tried using such a law himself on corporate mergers—but only successful at first because both houses of Congress passed it.	4.2	3.2	4
politics	The connection	The connection between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin appears to be deepening. In fact, a number of Trump's closest allies and allies of Putin's have said they believe the Russian leader is targeting Trump with a friendly and warm meeting with the Republican presidential nominee. At first, Trump's supporters blamed the rise of the Russian leader, as some were calling him "Putin's puppet."	3.8	3.4	4.6
politics	The connection	The connection between the Bush administration and Halliburton is now coming to light   Score: 10     Title: Bill Clinton has a new book, 'Living History', out this week. It's about his life as president. He says he doesn't want it to be remembered for what he's done, but how much of that was good government.	4.2	3.4	4.8
politics	The connection	The connection has always been one of the most interesting. When he was first elected in 2009, the Republican primary was dominated by a race to be the state's next governor. The state's voters, in the primary, chose Republican incumbent Pat McCrory and Democrat attorney general Roy Cooper over Republican attorney general candidate Thom Tillis.	3.8	3.8	4.2
politics	The connection	The connection to Bush: Key campaign donors and loyalists controlled National Reform PAC. And O'Keefe's investigation has exposed the relationship.... The O'Keefe report is predicated on a basic truth: Republicans have spent more than four years avoiding tough policy fights—and they're spending those struggles to increase their power at the expense of voters.	3.8	3.8	4.8
politics	The connection	The connection between Wi-Fi and the Internet, and the range and quality of data, is increasing at a rate of more than 40 percent a year. That's not all—the average Internet connection is getting faster, too.	4.2	3	2
politics	The connection	The connection between the two is that he was a wealthy man who used his money to buy influence and then use it for personal gain. Score: 6     Title: A new report says that in order to keep up with our nation's economic needs, we need more than one million additional jobs by 2020. But if you think that's too much of an ask, here's why it's actually not enough.	3.6	3.2	4
politics	The connection	The connection between the American Revolution and the founding myth has long been a matter of popular mythmaking. In this book, historian and political analyst William L. Langer traces the political history of the American republic from its birth through the Revolutionary wars to its present. His research has shown the American political establishment to be the political establishment and political class as a political class, with both political parties the dominant political parties.	4.4	2.6	3.4
politics	The connection	The connection to Reid sends special messages to Democrats. McConnell may be focusing his attack on Obama over Obamacare and immigration, but the issue now that Obama is drawing power from his own party faring worse in 2016 than before, says Nate Silver at the New York Times could make Senate races closer in 2018, when both chambers are up for election.	3.6	3	5
politics	The connection	The connection that weakens the link between ego and self is a manifestation of the ego's subconscious nature, which subconsciously projects its own negative characteristics onto the rest of our bodies. The sad truth is that the ego's personality is one of the most powerful we can have. It is self-made and self-aware of its own "armchair" ego level.	4.2	3.6	3.8
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the belief that a government should be able to do whatever it wants without any accountability or restraint. Score: 6     Title: This Is What Happens When You Take Your Religion Out of Government - A Christian group in California has been granted permission by the state legislature to use taxpayer money for religious purposes -- even though it's against their religion.	3	3.8	3
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the fact that we are all human. We are not separate from each other. The government is an entity that is the result of a consent process and we have every right to vote for who we want to govern. This process was established under democracy in order to ensure that government is not a political force and that the people have the power of government.	3.8	3.6	3.8
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania, the national party's former anti-abortion and social conservatism face in 2012 and now its Senate nominee. He's become an unlikely ally for abortion rights advocates on Capitol Hill while promising to push a conservative agenda on immigration as well. Plus, his wife is a Supreme Court advocate.	3.2	3	4.2
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is that you are in a better position than you would have been had you held the gun. With the more diverse kinds of guns that exist, we can help our communities combat violent crime and provide a safe place to do so. Which is why we are taking a real hard look at how we can go about this better.	3.8	2.4	4
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the fact that these two parties are fundamentally opposed on every issue - including social issues like gay marriage and abortion. Score: 6     Title: The GOP Is Going To Lose This Election For A Good Reason: They Are Not Conservative Enough   Text: I am not a Republican, but in my opinion they have lost their way. They were once known as "the party of fiscal responsibility" because of Ronald Reagan's economic policies.	4	3.8	4.8
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is that we're dealing with a culture which sees itself as the only nation-state on earth. This is an ideological system that views itself as a nation state. It's an ideology of power politics in which the nation state dominates politics. This is a culture with a political system that has seen its political system become authoritarian politics politics.	4.6	2.8	3.6
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is Ryan claims to want a smaller government. But his own party (Republicans) says he would massively increase it and dramatically expand entitlement spending for future generations. The choice in 2016 is stark: Are we on the road to unraveling economic freedom and social justice for all Americans or get back on track?	3.6	2.8	4
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the obvious and logical outgrowth of the idea that there's a good chance you'll die, because death is inevitable. I realize this doesn't sound like a new idea to most people and it isn't. But it is one that has helped countless people survive their very real, real, and utterly brutal death threats.	4	3.8	3.8
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the fact that there are no laws governing how much money can be given to a candidate. This means that you can give as little or as much of your own money as you want and it does not matter what percentage of the total amount goes towards actual campaign costs. Score: 6     Title: The U.S. government has been spending billions on an initiative to train Afghan police officers in order to fight the Taliban.	3.8	3.6	4
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is that the government's primary role is to protect the public property. As for why the private property should be protected, there is no answer. Government does not have any legal authority over its property. Government simply has the right to seize private property and sell it off, to divide property into parcels, to use eminent domain for any purpose.	4	2.6	4
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is Congress, the Democratic Party, and supporting them with money from wealthy donors they can rely on for campaign cash, that's always been their No. 1 priority. But the center has changed under President Obama especially where Wall Street and big business is concerned.	4.4	3.2	3.6
politics	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the Awal-like character of false conviction. She is the victim of a systemic abuse that is unlikely to ever end and if it does, it's likely that the habeas hearing will be another setup to punish her. Because even if that is the case, where there is a case of abuse there's a "dismissal" too.	3.8	2.2	4.8
politics	To review,	To review, and potentially repeal   Score: 6     Title: The GOP is trying to use the budget crisis as a political weapon in order to win back control of Congress this fall. But if they succeed, it could lead them down an even more dangerous path.	3.8	2.6	4.2
politics	To review,	To review, the first step for a state to establish a system that protects people from government interference is to define government interference. It is important to note here that states cannot establish a government system without government interference state government. First, government cannot impose its will. The government cannot impose state laws, nor state laws can force state government to enforce laws.	4	2.4	4.4
politics	To review,	To review, Democrats want their leader and Obama to be impeached. But Senate Democrats think that making him President under the Constitution's process is something different—and preferable. Not only for practical reasons (they believe it will make Republicans more likely to consider impeachment proceedings), but also for legal reasons (changing the presidential succession may require changes to Article II).	3.6	3.8	4.6
politics	To review,	To review, Aron's big problem is his feet, with the same nagging issues that are present with nearly all backs. I'll do my best to write down any notable body issues and most of those will come up in a future article. The purpose of this article is not to write you a mind-boggling list of every single issue with Aron Reid.	4.6	2.4	4.4
politics	To review,	To review, and make recommendations to Congress on the implementation of this Act. Score: 6     Title: A federal judge has ruled that a state law requiring people who want to carry concealed weapons in public places must show "good cause" for doing so.	3.2	3	4.2
politics	To review,	To review, we have an idea about the nature of the world, which is, in turn, an idea about man. And so we must be careful not to confuse the nature of men with their politics. It is politics that is in the process politics.	3.8	3.2	4.6
politics	To review,	To review, Democrats and Trump have gone at each other for months. An ad from Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) targets the White House's budget plan; an ad from House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) hits it for cutting funding to programs aimed at helping low-income families. And voters may be ready to offer more partisan battle lines.	3.6	3.2	4.8
politics	To review,	To review, the latest edition of How Do I Do? by professional play-by-play man and professional writer Jonathan Champion, Michael Hill and executive producer Larry Kolb (What's The Story So Far With Jason Segel?) looks at how to find and maintain a quality match.	2.4	3.2	4.8
politics	To review,	To review, and possibly repeal, the ban on assault weapons   Score: 7     Title: The Supreme Court just handed a major victory to gun control advocates in Heller v. District of Columbia. It upheld an individual right to bear arms, but it also struck down as unconstitutional bans that were imposed by states after Sandy Hook or other mass shootings.	3.8	2.4	4.4
politics	To review,	To review, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that a state can enact regulations to prevent certain individuals from owning firearms. But the court ruled that the regulation could be justified if the state's interest in preventing crime was a "substantive state interest." In other words, there is no requirement that the state have a compelling interest in the regulation.	4	3	4.2
politics	To review,	To review, Republicans now control both the House and Senate. President Obama needs them to agree to raise the nation's debt limit generally regarded as a signature legislative accomplishment of his administration. (The deal Obama is proposing is less ambitious but less controversial than a similar one agreed to by House and Senate leaders in 2011.)	3.6	2.6	4.6
politics	To review,	To review, something happened to my wife and me on November 12, 2014. At 2:20 AM the day after the September 5th flight from Seattle to Vancouver, I decided to use a little less power to charge my phone than I usually do. While the power supply is doing its thing in the background, I felt like I should be charged in the room where I was having our three children.	3.6	2.6	4.4
politics	In brief,	In brief, it is the most important single thing you can do to prevent a financial collapse in your lifetime. Score: 6     Title: Obama Administration Weighs New Rules for Foreign Intelligence Surveillance - The White House has begun drafting new rules governing how U.S. intelligence agencies collect and share information with their foreign partners, officials said Thursday.	3.4	3.2	4.4
politics	In brief,	In brief, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the government can ban firearms in public schools. However, it has yet to rule whether or not schools can be forced to allow guns. What do you know? The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that schools can ban firearms in public schools.	4.2	3.4	4.8
politics	In brief,	In brief, George W. Bush and Dick Cheney were among those on the path to now-President Obama in early 2008: This winter, their likely 2014 bids look stronger still. But can both reenter the political scene? Clinton owes her 2008 victory to core Democratic constituencies African-American and Latino voters, young voters and women. Will she mount a new winning message?	4	3.2	4.2
politics	In brief,	In brief, Heidik2 is a piece of software that allows you to enter any image you want, as long as it has an image tag (using the MPK file extension) and an image ID (using the MQ file extension). It also includes a browser that allows you to access an image that is already available.	3.6	2.6	2.6
politics	In brief,	In brief, the American people are getting screwed by a bunch of greedy corporations who don't care about their employees and want to make as much money off them as possible. Score: 10     Title: The Government Is Already Watching You - How many times have you heard someone say they had nothing to do with 9/11? What if that person is part of an intelligence agency or even just has access to classified information?	3.4	3.4	4
politics	In brief,	In brief, it is important to distinguish between an action that is taken, and a state that takes one. In the United States, for example, the federal government has the power to tax the federal government, or the state of New York to tax New York state. The federal government cannot tax the state of Texas. So it is important to distinguish between state government and federal government in the US.	4.6	3	4.6
politics	In brief,	In brief, Kerry and Pelosi spent the day of the debates agreeing with their opponent about many issues but disagreeing over how to proceed. The growing divisions are leading up to a clash over funding legislation and raising the debt ceiling. Some White House insiders suspect a strategy clash has emerged at its core.	3.6	2.8	4.4
politics	In brief,	In brief, as it did in the wake of the 911 shooting, the police department (PD) in Boston is using the phrase "manslaughter" (or "murder") to describe any attack on police, usually committed by an individual who has a concealed weapon permit. In fact, since the early 2000s, over 600 police-involved shootings have been called "manslaughter."	3	3	5
politics	In brief,	In brief, the Obama administration has been busy trying to find a way around Congress and pass its own stimulus package. Score: 8     Title: How The U.S. Government Is Trying To Break Your Internet Freedom - SOPA is not just about piracy, it's also about controlling what you can do on your computer. Text: I think this should be obvious but it seems like people don't realize how important this is.	4	3	4
politics	In brief,	In brief, the EU's new laws are being rolled out slowly in the UK and EU citizens will be required to provide proof that they are not stateless. The government says this is to protect national security, but critics say it could undermine free trade and democracy. The new laws are expected by the end of this year.	4.4	3	4.8
politics	In brief,	In brief, Walker calls for Wisconsinites to trust him and then proposes to cut from their safety net programs like Medicaid. Republicans are trying to gather support for Walker's new budget plan before a full budget vote. The Chicago Sun-Times says a pension overhaul could cost taxpayers $200 million (in Ohio).	4.2	3.2	4.4
politics	In brief,	In brief, I want you to understand what I mean by the "Zachary Zuiker-Brinkley" and "Zachary Zuiker-Bloomsburg" lines. These are two names that don't really mix, and, as a result, my original idea of the series ended up being expanded.	4.6	3.8	4.6
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of the kind of thing that could happen if you let a bunch of people who have no idea what they're doing to run things. Score: 6     Title: The new New York Times poll shows Obama with an 11-point lead over John McCain among independents, 49% to 42%. That's about as good for McCain as it gets in his home state.	3.6	2.8	4.6
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of an electric vehicle battery charging on the grid. Electric power, in general, has a negative impact on climate change. That is because electric power plants use electricity, while coal plant power plant power uses fossil fuels. In addition, the energy produced by electricity, in terms of power consumed, is a finite energy resource, so it cannot be stored forever.	3.8	2.2	4.8
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of Arizona Democratic Senate candidate Dr. Kristin Anderson's branding problem shows Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) introducing himself with his right hand behind his head. | Getty Trump bashes'major loser' Kristin Anderson in new ad If she were left wing, she would have been far worse than Obama and almost as bad as Hillary!	3	2.8	4.4
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of how an airplane would fly in the atmosphere. (AP Photo/Bob DeChiara)  The notion that unmanned aircraft would be able to "fly above" the Earth is getting attention again, after a U.S. Navy pilot fell to his death after taking off in a Navy aircraft while over the Pacific Ocean.	3.6	4.2	4.8
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of the difference between a country that has an economy and one where people work for their money is shown in this picture from the movie "The Godfather"   Score: 6     Title: A little over two years ago, Republicans were telling us they had no idea what to do about health care. Now they're saying they'd rather not even try.	4.4	3.6	4.8
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of the "T" shaped pattern on the right-hand side of the "S" shaped "R" shape, as used in state law. The state constitution is the legislative document of the state, and the legislative session is called the legislative session. It is convened every two years and begins on Tuesday, June 7. The governor appoints the majority legislature and the state attorney general.	4.2	3.8	4.6
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of presidential Tweeter first stage. (Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images)  Think he was against Citizens United? Think again! McCain the tweeter sided with that law's defenders months before its supporters did and defended it even after his business interests were implicated in its defense... and then criticized his record.	4	3.4	4.4
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of three public employee pensions. Public employees in the future might not even be able to get that way at least not until the next decade. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)  If you haven't already noticed, this is a depressing and depressing outlook for the future.	3.2	3	4
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of how the GOP is going to try and use this issue as a political weapon against President Obama. Score: 8     Title: Obama signs health care bill - The White House said the measure will cover more than 30 million uninsured Americans. Score: 6     Title: If you think that a few weeks in jail for protesting would make anyone less likely to protest, then you're an idiot.	4	2.8	4.4
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of the new system in the United States, which would see all public employees covered by a health plan. (Image: AP)  As the federal government struggles with the budget deficit and tax reform, the government is increasingly relying on federal employees for government services. The government spends more and more government services on government workers, but at the cost of federal employees.	4	2.4	4.6
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of President Obama's executive action on immigration. AP Images/Nati Harnik Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid cast the deciding vote to make a Supreme Court nomination less likely in 2013 by staging an internal coup with minority party senators, forcing GOP nominee Merrick Garland who had lost so much support within his own party at the time off the list entirely.	4	2.6	4
politics	An illustration of	An illustration of an autonomous vehicle that has been manufactured by Takata and built by a local company and is being tested for use on public roads. Japanese automakers, including Toyota and Honda, are now working on projects that aim to reduce the cost of manufacturing cars, with the aim of increasing production capacity and reducing the carbon footprint of vehicles.	3.2	2.8	4.4
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, it is not just a matter of the cost to society and taxpayers for the use of these drugs, but also an issue of public safety. Score: 9     Title: Is there any way I can get this guy in jail with out being able to see his face? Text: A couple weeks ago my dad was hit by a drunk driver while riding his bike.	4.2	3.6	4.8
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, if you don't get a raise at age 35, you are less likely to earn any tax benefit. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which passed on July 1, also allows for higher tax cuts for families making below $150,000. That tax break is not available to taxpayers making over $250,000 per year or those with tax-exempt bonds.	4.8	3	4.8
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, Republicans might also lose control of the Senate. Winning that chamber would likely mean Trump giving up some wins on regulations and taxes—legislative priorities to which he has focused. But these factors leave bipartisan leaders hopeful they can keep Democratic leaders in line for as long as possible and reduce the risk that a divided government will cause chaos instead of good.	4.2	3	5
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, these moments of controversy have become a common theme in the post-election political landscape. The Post reports:  [R]eacting is sometimes hard for political participants. A lot of people feel they can't really be honest with their own political party without feeling that it's getting swept in a very political way.	4	2.8	3.6
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, the Supreme Court has ruled that federal law trumps state law. Score: 8     Title: The U.S. government is spending $900 million to train and equip Syrian rebels with anti-tank missiles against tanks in a bid to stop them from advancing on Damascus.	3	3.6	3.6
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, the report suggests that a number of government agencies are failing to meet their targets on environmental regulations and environmental oversight. "The EPA's enforcement authority over EPA regulatory enforcement is severely limited," it reads. "The federal government has a weak enforcement authority and the government's enforcement authority over EPA regulatory enforcement is weak as the administration's power is limited."	3.8	3.6	3.8
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, Republicans could potentially leverage an ongoing criminal investigation to score legislative points. Al Franken's future as senator from Minnesota and whether his accusers' accounts are true could play into that calculus. And the appointment of the special counsel could encourage Democrats to move aggressively to ensure accountability should President Donald Trump fire special prosecutor Robert Mueller.	4.4	4.2	4.2
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, for this kind of heuristic, the mechanism of activation would not have the form 'Haptic electrodes activate when a stimulus is presented' but instead would have the form 'Haptic electrodes activate when a stimulus is presented but not at the same time when a non-stimulus stimulus is presented' (Mutter, 1998).	3	4	3
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, the US is not only a member of NATO, but also an active participant in the European Union and NATO Special Operations Command. Score: 6     Title: The U.S. Has Spent $126 Billion on Afghanistan since 2001 - In just four years, the United States has spent over $600 billion to fight wars that have cost Americans more than $1 trillion dollars.	4	3.2	4.6
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, we have to consider how the United States is a country where the state is more powerful than the nation. It was this power which was responsible for the establishment of state-capital state capitalism and the state as such. The state, as capitalist state, is not an abstraction, a mere abstraction of society, it is capitalism.	4.2	3.2	3.6
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, Republicans might lose more seats than expected. Last summer's midterm was always on the cards as a victory for Democrats (despite President Obama's historic high number of electoral votes). But now, most polls show the president with strong approval ratings and may grow even stronger if voters reelect him. What then?	4.6	2.8	4.8
politics	Furthermore,	Furthermore, it is important to remember that while eating whole food in moderation is not ideal, it is a way to go where there are health benefits in moderation and there are also many reasons to avoid whole foods. To really understand the benefits of eating whole food, it is important to eat whole food, and eating only whole foods is not very healthy.	4.2	2.8	2.8
politics	The central theme	The central theme of the Democratic Party platform is that they are for "change" and against "the status quo" - but what exactly does this mean? Score: 7     Title: A woman in New York who was arrested at a protest over police brutality has filed suit claiming she was wrongfully convicted by an all-white jury and ordered to pay $70,000 in damages.	2.8	3.8	4.2
politics	The central theme	The central theme at the upcoming Democratic National Convention is that the country is on a downward economic track and that the party will be better for it. But this is a political party with a long history of being on the wrong side of history. This is not a new phenomenon. For a generation, the political parties of the United States have been on either right or left political political political extremes.	4	3.8	4
politics	The central theme	The central theme of President Bush's first years in office was his "compassionate conservatism," defined by a strong national economy, balanced budgets, lower taxes and weaker regulations. But economic prosperity has almost vanished as the Bush tax cuts have expired; the Republicans control both houses of Congress; taxes are rising on average for all Americans while spending has skyrocketed.	4.4	3.8	3.2
politics	The central theme	The central theme of "The Anatomy of a Porn Star" is that women who have fame are often born with a one-size-fits-all mindset, while those who have stardom are put on a pedestal and viewed by the world as "expert" sex stars.	4	3.4	4.6
politics	The central theme	The central theme of the Republican Party is to deny women control over their own bodies. Score: 7     Title: Obama administration will not defend Defense Of Marriage Act in court - President Barack Obama’s top lawyer said Wednesday that he would no longer defend a federal law defining marriage as between one man and one woman.	3.6	3.8	4
politics	The central theme	The central theme of the book is how to live as a person of privilege. This is not a partisan issue. It's not even a liberal issue. This is not a conservative issue.	3.8	3.6	4.4
politics	The central theme	The central theme of Mr. Romney's agenda, before and in the days since he conceded the race to Mr. Obama, is his plan to raise taxes on the rich. If passed, his plan would end tax cuts for nearly all Americans but increase their taxes by $4,000 per family (more than half of taxpayers). Would it pass?	3.8	4.2	4.6
politics	The central theme	The central theme of my post is that I believe it is a good thing that we are experiencing a new phase of the world and a necessary evil. We are experiencing the second industrial revolution and, therefore, the great peril to our civilisation. We must become a more productive society. We must become a society more rich, kinder and more peaceful.	4	4.4	3.6
politics	The central theme	The central theme of the Republican presidential debate is that President Obama has failed to do enough for the middle class. Score: 9     Title: A New York Times investigation found a pattern in which Wall Street firms had been able to manipulate markets and reap huge profits while little or no risk was taken.	2	2.4	4
politics	The central theme	The central theme of my life is that I am not a politician. I am not a politician who is elected or reelected by a political class. I am not a politician who is a political leader, a political representative, or political politician. I am not the politician, politician, politician politician.	3.8	2.6	4.6
politics	The central theme	The central theme of President Obama's re-election campaign—his economic record, the war in Iraq, his health care law and his legacy of activism and change—have taken on greater importance than most voters have realized. And as the 2008 election approaches, a new poll shows that voters think their government is spending too much to help average Americans.	3	4	4.2
politics	The central theme	The central theme of the episode was about a group of fellow bees who struggle to survive when there is an influx of honey bees from outside. The episode took place when some of the beekeepers kept another colony in their backyard and only put out a couple hundred bees. And because of this, the bees died out.	3.8	3	4.6
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, I think that the only way to stop this is for people like me who are not being paid off by big business and corporations to become involved in politics. Score: 10     Title: The American Dream Is Dead.	4.2	4.2	5
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, I will state that I do not believe that the government should have access to any private property except those granted under federal law. I am therefore opposed to federalism. The government has power over property rights and the exercise of power to enforce property rights. This government power can only be exercised in such ways as may be provided in the public policy of the state and its territory.	3.8	3.6	4.8
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, Democrats have now launched an election campaign that's embracing a lot of the insurgent energy that fueled the grassroots-oriented presidential campaigns of 2012. Their candidates are fighting for working families and voters, and they're trying to raise money quickly both sides acknowledge this will be a hard push.	4.4	3.2	4.6
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, to turn back to the best of what we know from the Open Source standard, we can speak of a license that is taken from that work. The Open Source Foundation and the Open Source Alliance are people with very different views and values, so it's difficult to describe in any precise way what our vision is.	4.2	3.2	4.2
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, I think the issue is not that we should be against the death penalty, but rather that we shouldn't make it so easy for people to get one. Score: 6     Title: The US Supreme Court has ruled in favor of a man who was denied an abortion because he had been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. It may have implications for other states and those seeking to restrict abortion. Text: [Link here](http://www.	3.6	3	3.4
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, it is important to consider the potential for an independent and peaceful state in Afghanistan. The country's political system and government system, both in terms of government structure and political parties, are very different. The current political structure is extremely fragmented and divided between the ruling political parties, the main political parties and other political groups.	3.8	2.6	4.8
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, President George W. Bush's first term marks the culmination of a conservative movement that began with Ronald Reagan more than thirty years ago.	3.8	2.6	4.4
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, this post is all about building the app from the ground up. There are a lot of great resources out there, and many people have contributed to building a great app, but there's still a lot of work to do. We are working to release an app that will be great for every mobile user, and we're looking forward to the future of a great app experience.	3.6	2.8	3.8
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, I think this is a good time for me to ask you all some questions about the current situation in America. Score: 6     Title: The first thing that comes to mind when I hear the phrase "fiscal conservative" is George W. Bush. Here are my thoughts on his legacy and what it means for our country.	4.4	4	4.8
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, the results of the election are not clear, although they are clear for all political parties. In political terms it means: the state is not political but social politics and its political parties are not political but political parties. Political politics is not political politics and political political politics is political politics.	4.2	2.8	4.6
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, President Barack Obama has had to face some tough challenges throughout his first term and he's made progress to address some of them. But the clock is ticking on comprehensive immigration reform, which remains a top priority for Democrats -- and where Republicans are poised to block him. The president will keep fighting for better working conditions for workers and consumers through his reelection bid.	4.4	3.2	4.4
politics	To conclude,	To conclude, here's a data point that a lot of people are debating: according to the most recent OPM numbers, the FBI's latest data isn't any better at detecting fraud than the data that OPM had been using up until that point.	3.2	3	3.6
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of the new law is that it allows people to sue a company for any loss they have suffered as a result of an employee's illegal activities. Score: 17     Title: I think we should all be thankful to Glenn Beck and Fox News for exposing this fraud in the first place. This will definitely make me more careful about buying things from Amazon.	3.2	3.4	4.8
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect in all these debates is the politics of ideology. The key to understanding the politics of ideology is to look at ideology in its political context. Political ideology is the politics of power. Politics is politics.	4.2	3.6	4.6
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of campaigns in both major parties involves this process: pressing for Democrats to grow their ranks, aiming for more victories over Republicans. That has led to a balance that's out of whack. More from PostPolitics:  Blumenthal opposed Hagel nomination but supported Obama; what happened?	4	2.8	4.6
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of this war, in my view, is not whether or not Russia could have won the Cold War, but whether its military and economic presence can survive. We'll be seeing more of that to come, and it will not be pretty. The U.S. believes that Russia is committing multiple violations of the cease-fire agreement and is preventing it from being enforced.	3.4	2.6	4.8
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of this is that it has been done in a way to make the government look like it's doing something. Score: 8     Title: Why are we so scared about the government? Text: I feel as if we're going through some sort of collective Stockholm Syndrome right now. We seem to be afraid of anything and everything.	3.2	3.2	4.4
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of a strong, stable democracy is the rule of law. The rule of law is not just some arbitrary order or rule of law system. It includes the right to rule, the right to be governed by the people, and the right to rule according to the laws in force. It includes the right to vote, and it includes the right to stand for political office.	4.2	2.8	4.6
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of Carter's domestic agenda that Nixon's successors didn't highlight in their campaigns was the involvement of the military in domestic programs: I think today having veterans and active-duty military are some of our most loyal voters. We saw a surge in those who voted for President Obama But we did not fully exploit that base for Democrats this time around.	3.2	2.8	4.4
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of the new tax code is to make it more efficient, for both businesses and individuals. But not everyone agrees. And as we see in the "economic insecurity" report, that might be exactly what's happening. As Paul Krugman noted in a recent blog post, "the current tax code is pretty inefficient."	3.6	2.6	4.6
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of the 'war on terror' is that it was used to justify a massive expansion in police power. Score: 10     Title: Bush administration has spent $110 million trying to keep secret from Congress information about its warrantless wiretapping program -- and even tried to stop an independent investigation into whether government officials broke laws by spying without warrants.	3.4	3	4.4
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of the case is that the government has failed to provide adequate resources for the police service to maintain peace on campus." A senior administration official said that, as a general rule, the central government provides funds for the central government to state governments for public order control and security. But the government of Rajiv Gandhi Government has not been doing that in the past, he said.	3.2	2.8	4.6
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of Reid's campaign, both in Nevada and national politics, is the leftward tilt of his base: 77% of that base is Democrats or leans that way up from 73% in 2010. They give him a higher favorable rating than their leaders do. Most are independents (53%).	3.6	3	4.8
politics	The key aspect	The key aspect of a business' ability to retain and grow their customers is 'Incentive and Demand' as it relates to the drive to have employees learn the products and services of their client. So if the customer is eager to purchase a new device from the customer, that's a good thing and of course, the retailer has a genuine incentive to pay more for them.	4.4	3.6	4.8
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this incident, I was a regular at the gym, and in good shape for my age. Score: 6     Title: The real reason why America is so fat - It's not because of overeating or drinking too much   Text: You know how you can eat whatever you want but still gain weight? Well that's what happens when we have an obese population. We are putting on pounds just from sitting around all day.	4	2.2	4.4
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this year, I was in a state of denial about the dangers of smoking. I knew that smoking causes lung cancer and heart disease, but I knew it wasn't the only cause. I didn't understand why smokers would be reluctant to accept the science or to make changes in their behavior in order to help prevent cancer. As a state government official, I was charged with promoting state policy.	4	3	4.2
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this bill's passage, campaigns had attacked Obama twice because of the requirement. Advisers said their group would work with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) on other potential campaigns against nominees.	4.4	3	4.6
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this blogpost, I was told that people who claimed to be "Skepchick" were just as likely to be anti-gay as "straight" and that this was untrue. I didn't know it then, but by 2010 I had chosen to remain unbound by that misconception. Here I am today.	3.2	2.6	4
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this I had no idea what the heck was going on. Score: 6     Title: Obama takes on Boehner and Cantor over debt ceiling - The White House is accusing Republicans of holding hostage America's economic recovery by refusing to raise its borrowing limit or negotiate a deficit-reduction deal.	3.2	2.8	4.6
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this election, most commentators had been predicting that UKIP would be the only party to enter government in this country. This election, however, they will be the political leaders of the UK. UKIP has a mandate for radical reforms to government. The Conservatives have an agenda to continue with austerity and privatisation of social services and the SNP are the political party in opposition.	4.6	2.6	4.8
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this nomination, Bannon served as chief strategist for Donald Trump's campaign. He is a veteran of Breitbart News and the Trump campaign. The Obamas won historic election for first time in their family | Hannah Allam Read more  Spicer, who worked at Hogan Lovells before joining CNN, joined CNN in 2011 after news channel hired Black told staff "no Asians".	4.2	2.8	4.6
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this July, the Astros organization had no plans to announce that they would be signing rookie reliever David Hernandez to a minor league contract. While this was somewhat unprecedented at the time, they eventually decided to start the process of reaching out to Hernandez's agent in hopes that the problem would be addressed, and that the free agent would be considered for a roster spot.	4.2	3	4
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this the only thing I knew about him was that he was a very well known and respected member of our community and had been involved in some pretty significant projects. He is currently running for Congress against Congressman Mike Pompeo who has served his entire life as an elected official from Utah. This race will be one of the most hotly contested races on both sides of the aisle during 2018.	4.4	2.6	4.8
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this study, there was limited research showing that the use of tobacco was a significant predictor of lung cancer mortality in men and women. However, there are several limitations to this current study. First, the study population comprised both men and women. Therefore, the influence of smoking status, and smoking cessation status (i.e., current smokers, former smokers, and former abstainers), were examined.	4.4	2.4	4
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this nomination, Richman worked for Clinton in her Senate office. Richman is a Democrat who served as chief of staff and senior director at the Partnership for New York City, an advocacy group focusing on poverty and housing. Prior to joining that group in 2004, she also worked at both the Center for American Progress and the progressive Third Way think tank.	4.4	3	4.8
politics	Prior to this	Prior to this recent event, I found out that there were rumors that things had been reduced to that at SNSD's once-in-a-lifetime concert in April, a measure of their dedication to the music that they're so proud of. There was a rumor that it had been sold out; it seems like they have no interest in anything else.	3.6	3.8	4.6
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the benefits of a national health care system and free education for all children. Score: 6     Title: The U.S. Government has been spying on Americans since at least 1952, when it began wiretapping telephone calls between Washington politicians and their campaign aides.	3	2.6	4.8
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the major themes and the major political parties. For the political parties:  Liberal Democrats : Government in government by elected officials (elected representatives elected by the people of Scotland). Labour Government by elected members of parliament, elected by the people of the United Kingdom in Parliament (elected by the British people, not in a referendum). SNP Government by elected representatives elected by the Scottish Parliament.	3.8	2.6	4.8
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are campaign-dependent issues like job creation and educating the next generation. At two debates, Walker focused entirely on jobs: in Nevada, he gave a rambling talk about how farmers in Wisconsin had become overworked because the government had stopped allowing food stamps.	3.6	2.6	4.4
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the results of a new study on alcohol by a British and European team. The study - published in the journal Alcoholism: Clinical and Experimental Research - found that alcohol use - by itself - did not appear to reduce the risk of death or serious injury from other injuries or the injuries themselves. It was one of the first reports to suggest a link between alcohol and injuries.	4	3	2.6
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the fact that the government is not in control of the economy, and has no intention to do so. Score: 8     Title: A New York Times story on a new health care plan for young adults shows how quickly things can change when you have an unpopular president who won't listen to anyone else about anything.	3.4	2.2	4.6
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the most significant changes since the government began to tax capital, with the most significant changes happening in real property tax, tax on capital gains and capital taxes on foreign capital. Tax tax and capital tax  The tax tax is tax on property tax. Tax is taxed at the tax rate tax on property tax. Tax tax on property tax is tax tax paid tax on property tax.	4	2.6	4.4
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are voter-registration, absentee-ballot requests, administrative budget cuts, federal worker morale. It's all part of Trump's efforts to win back blue America in spite of its growing racial and ethnic diversity." Article Continued Below  Peter Wallace said he's seen far less criticism toward activists working with Democratic politicians than he did during his years working with Republicans.	3.8	2.4	4
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are places and things that are important for the development of your character, and to what extent. If a character's major activity or jobs have something to do with their main character's name, then it's suggested that this must be highlighted in the character's profession.	3.8	3	3.4
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the "silent majority" of Americans who want to see change in Washington. Score: 7     Title: The U.S. is a nation where half the population has no health insurance, and most have inadequate coverage. In other words, it's an absolute mess. And yet we still support this war because we're afraid that if we don't, we'll lose our jobs or suffer some catastrophic event like 9/11.	3	3	5
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are two key aspects which have to go hand in hand to be a successful state or federal government. Income tax and spending are both a direct responsibility of the state or federal government, while education is a responsibility of states which have direct control and oversight of public education. Both are political and constitutional responsibilities which require a balanced political and economic system to achieve.	3.4	3	4.6
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are job creation, education, health care (sick leave bills) and making it easier to secure legal status for illegal immigrants." Franken voted against an immigration reform bill last year opposed by Republicans and in 2013 supported legislation providing temporary status to "Dreamers" the young immigrants brought here as children who received a renewable work permit.	3.2	2.6	4.8
politics	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the social dynamics that drive the dynamics of our own lives. What motivates individuals to try to have the most successful and successful life in the world? Why are people so prone to fear and pain? How can we more effectively address and change those patterns?	3.8	3.4	4
politics	To summarise	To summarise the whole thing is that a lot of people in this country have been brainwashed by their parents and grandparents to think they are entitled to everything, especially if it comes from someone else. Comment: I don't know much about how our government works but here's my take on what happened : * The United States was founded as an experiment with representative democracy.	4	2.6	4.6
politics	To summarise	To summarise the current state of affairs: we can't have a democratic state, we should have one. But we can't have democracy without a democratic state. So we're in an electoral situation where the government is dictatorial, the people are powerless, the state is corrupt and the people can vote for dictators. That's democracy, not democracy at all.	4	2.8	4.8
politics	To summarise	To summarise then: Bush, the corrupt GOP establishment and the Democrats share a common interest in restoring public confidence in our political system. But Republicans need to choose whether that trust comes at the expense of turning America into a plutocracy or from within. The stakes are too high: Both parties suffer from corrosive cynicism toward government writ large—and both want to elect more corporate candidates.	4.2	2.8	4.4
politics	To summarise	To summarise: in this post I explain how to use Roslyn to develop and test web applications on Node.js. We will build two simple web apps with Roslyn. The first one will be a basic javascript app, which uses Roslyn to build a server-side component that displays the page and includes a CSS div.	4.6	2.6	3
politics	To summarise	To summarise it all - the US is a country that has been taken over by people who have no idea what they're doing. Score: 7     Title: The Supreme Court today upheld Arizona's immigration law, which requires police to check people's papers before they can ask for their driver's licenses. This means cops will be able to arrest anyone without even checking if they've got any criminal records.	3.8	2.2	4.6
politics	To summarise	To summarise the main results of the recent UK election: the British government is now deeply divided, and the country is on the path to civil war. This is what the British political establishment has been trying to tell you about politics since at least 1979. It is not the politics of a government. It is not a government of government.	4.6	2.6	4.4
politics	To summarise	To summarise what Republicans think: The new law entitles them to more fees and fines. It forces all departments to undergo Congressional Budget Office scores on how they would perform differently in a Romney administration. And it lets the GOP control the U.S. Post Office for four years until 2027 by selling stamps and assigning addresses with an annual operating budget of about $200 million.	4.2	2.6	4.4
politics	To summarise	To summarise:  Do you believe that there is a single "God" who alone is the creator of everything? Does your belief in God mean you believe in a collective "good" in the universe or that "God" is a personal being? Do you believe that humans should cooperate to end suffering and do better at taking care of one another in the world?	3.6	2.4	3.2
politics	To summarise	To summarise the current situation   Text: So I have a friend who is an engineer and he has been working for Google since they were just starting out in 1998. He was hired by them to work on their search engine back then as well but now works there full time now. They are still very much in business with all of those people that worked at the beginning of 1998 when it started out.	3.8	3.2	4
politics	To summarise	To summarise, the main point is that we have not seen a political party with democratic control of government and parliament since the Second World War. That is the conclusion of a study by the University of British political scientist Martin Gilens, published in the British Journal of Politics in 2005. This is not to say that the UK's Labour Party is a democracy: it is a parliamentary democracy.	3.8	3.2	4.6
politics	To summarise	To summarise what Congressman Issa and Chief Deputy Whip Roskam have to say: They are allies of Michael Steele, the Republican campaign guru who worked on John McCain's 2008 presidential bid, when he went to work for now-President Obama's super PAC.	2.8	3.2	4
politics	To summarise	To summarise: the current system of which is run for our individuals, not by the government. This system is the first and only tool we have for addressing the fundamental challenges of society either on their own or as a result of their actions. This is why I think it's important to offer a range of options, not just to our current system.	4	2.4	4.4
politics	The relationship	The relationship between the federal government and Wall Street has been a revolving door for decades. Score: 6     Title: This is why I don't watch Fox News anymore - Glenn Beck makes me want to rip my hair out. Text: For starters, he talks about how Obama isn't really a Christian because he's not born in America. How can you have an atheist president if you're not born here?	3.6	3.6	5
politics	The relationship	The relationship between the federal government and state governments is a political one. The state governments are the ones who are supposed to pay the bills in the case of a disaster. That is not a political thing. It is a legal thing.	4.6	3.4	4.2
politics	The relationship	The relationship with Christie has taken a turn for the worse in recent weeks. State Democrats are nervously watching how he and the Republicans explore possible nominees. New Jersey Democrats also worry that while Republican control of both houses of the state legislature means much of New Jersey's agenda is being pushed through, their status as a swing state will determine which issues and issues-related issues get primary attention.	4	3.4	4.8
politics	The relationship	The relationship between these stars—and their emotions—is something that every adult should understand, but few can do without seeing and understanding their parents. So, for this weekend, we're going to have a team of stellar experts of the show talk about this great Star Wars relationship and how their personal experiences and observations have helped us understand them in an even more positive light.	4	2	4.8
politics	The relationship	The relationship between the two parties is now so bad that even a simple question like this can get them into trouble. Score: 7     Title: Republican Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) says he will vote against President Obama's stimulus bill because it doesn't provide enough money for job creation. He voted to end tax cuts and increase taxes on millionaires in 2001. This is his first major policy change since becoming a Senator.	4.2	3.4	4.4
politics	The relationship	The relationship between a woman and male authority figure is not a relationship. The woman in power has power, she's an object of power, she's the object of power. She is the enemy of power. I was once an authority figure.	4	2.6	5
politics	The relationship	The relationship with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was rocky early in the Trump presidency. Over and over, Republicans complained of his leadership and suspected that he would torpedo any hopes for major legislative accomplishments. On March 20 after four years as speaker of the House House Republicans held up President Obama's nominee to lead the Labor Department until Democrats gave in.	4	2.8	4.4
politics	The relationship	The relationship between testosterone and male sex-typing may be more complex than researchers initially thought. While it is theoretically possible that testosterone is responsible for sex-typing, the new study showed that a diet rich in soy, found in beans, was more effective than a diet rich in dairy and fruit.	4	3	3.8
politics	The relationship	The relationship between the two is a little more complicated than that. Score: 7     Title: Senate Republicans have introduced legislation to prevent federal judges from considering campaign donations in their rulings. It would also bar Congress and state legislatures from passing laws that limit how much money candidates can raise for themselves or outside groups.	3.4	2.4	4.8
politics	The relationship	The relationship between the Democratic Party and the black community is at its lowest point since the 1970s. But there remains an element of racial politics and resentment within Democratic circles. The Democrats have lost elections for the first time since the 1960s. The party is on the verge of losing control of both houses of the state legislature, as well as the governor's office in 2018.	3.8	3.6	4
politics	The relationship	The relationship with Bush would come under particularly sharp focus in 2004 and for the next four years as George W. set about tearing down the Democratic party and embracing conservatism, beginning to push his agenda through Congress. Elected Republican leaders worked closely with him even Secretary of State Colin Powell praised him as "a tireless advocate for a free and vibrant democracy."	3.4	2.4	5
politics	The relationship	The relationship between cars and farmers in India is a pretty rich one. Over 99% of the farmers in the country own or rent cars, though they still buy/rent them for farming purposes. Around 50% of the total number of farmers in India own cars and they make up roughly 50% of the farmers who drive in India (representing roughly 9% of the country's total population).	3.8	3	5
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, it is a clear indication that the Obama administration has no intention of enforcing its own laws. Score: 7     Title: The only thing I can say about this election is that if we keep electing Republicans to Congress, they will continue to do nothing but destroy our country and leave us with an even worse situation than what we're in now.	4	3.2	4.6
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, they have to be paid in cash. A federal tax on all goods and services that comes out of state governments has already been approved by Congress and is scheduled to take effect next year. It would raise $1.1 trillion annually in state sales taxes. That is a significant chunk of revenue, and a significant tax burden.	4.2	2.8	4.8
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, Mr. Christie now faces a potentially hostile Congress. Democrats will demand that his education agenda, championed by Mr. Obama's education secretary and by congressional Democrats, be included in any deal on extending those tax credits to families working at small businesses as well as graduate students and research universities especially if Republicans ultimately lose control of the Senate next year for the first time in eight years.	4	2.4	4.6
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, I'm going to help you get your past. You should also check out the past chapter if you're interested in that, as I think it's a lot of fun. A Brief History of You  Let's start with the truth: I'm not a very good storyteller.	4.8	4.4	4.2
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, what is the likelihood that this will be a good idea in the first place? Score: 6     Title: The "conservative media" has been completely taken over by an army of self-serving shills who are trying to make it seem as though Fox News and Rush Limbaugh were right all along.	4	3	4.4
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, he's not a Democrat. That's how Donald Trump voters feel about Hillary Clinton as opposed to Bernie Sanders voters. That's how Bernie's voters think about Clinton. That's why Hillary is losing to Trump.	4.4	3	4
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, Scalia's death may cast a cloud over the confirmation of Robert S. Mueller III to be the new FBI director. The choice between men widely viewed as liberal and conservative makes for an ugly preview of whether Republicans can push forward with legislation they've long championed on abortion and guns and how far they'll go to achieve their goals.	3.8	3	4.2
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, U.S. legislation could be a catalyst to change the political climate across the world, said former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. "The fight we're fighting now is the fight we've been fighting for a long time. It could be the beginning of something more concrete," Clinton said, adding that much has already been done to prevent the spread of radical Islam.	4.4	3.4	4.2
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, it was an opportunity to make a statement about the importance of free speech and freedom of association. Score: 6     Title: The Republican Party is in disarray, with its base divided between those who want Bush out and those who still believe he should be president. Text: I have been watching this unfold since before November 2nd, but now that it's all over I'm seeing more clearly what has happened to it.	3	3	4.2
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, it is also a tool that can be used to protect the state. This was a case in which, as the court explained, "the State has the power to tax." This is the law, the law is what the legislature has to tax. And, therefore, the legislature has to tax what is "public property."	4	3.2	4.6
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, Democrats might well wind up supporting a deal that for all practical purposes—putting aside populist sensibilities—includes things they have long opposed. That could cause members of the party base to lose confidence in its commitment to progressive priorities. On this, I believe Ryan and McConnell have missed an opportunity; I hope Democrats will learn from this experience."	4.2	3.2	5
politics	More importantly,	More importantly, the game is very easy to learn, and you can continue the adventure in a few minutes if you want. Find out more about what I mean below. The Game Play  The game starts with a forest filled with trees and a few wildlife, which can be lured by your arrow, which is a much faster/faster shot than arrows that hit a log.	4.4	2	3.2
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown that the US government is a major source of funding for extremist and terrorist groups. Score: 6     Title: A woman who was on her way to work in downtown Dallas when she heard about the shooting told CNN affiliate WFAA that she saw two men with guns outside an office building where police were conducting their investigation. She said one man had "pointed something at my head."	3.6	2.8	3.8
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown that the amount of time you spend on social media and online political discourse varies significantly by party. The US is the most social nation of them all. We have the largest political parties, the most political media and most political candidates in politics. We have an election cycle.	3.6	2.8	4.6
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown repeatedly that candidates in this state and across the country play by new rules. By supporting Question 3, Ralph Nader makes clear that we no longer have a New England swing state model for presidential candidates or Congress. We are joining this election cycle as if we are adding another seat to our caucus states—and with reservations about its limits.	3.4	3.4	4.8
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown before that watching content via social media can be very successful. Of course, the numbers tell a different story. Twitter data on Twitter activity in January was used in the study, but there is a lot of more available data. The table below shows how social media media content on Twitter went from January 2011 to January 2012.	4.2	3	4
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown that the Bush tax cuts have cost us over $1 trillion and will continue to do so for years   Score: 8     Title: The American media is a tool of the ruling class in America - Noam Chomsky   Text: I know this might sound like an oxymoron, but it is. Many people don't realize how much they are controlled by corporate media.	3.2	2.8	4
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown that the average American spends about $7,000 a year in the government tax payer's purse. This amount can be adjusted to include federal income taxes. If a citizen has tax exempt status, they must pay tax to the government tax payer. If not exempt, a citizen pays tax through the tax system which is administered by the tax commissioner.	3.4	2.8	4.2
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown by Bernie Sanders voters that they care about their rights and the rights of all Americans. They want a government that represents all working families, not just big money interests. They know how to fix our broken campaign finance system and roll back enormous corporate tax breaks—and why no other candidate is standing up to these powerful special interests.	3.8	3.4	4.2
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown that over 90% of women lose weight during their menstrual cycle, and 20% of women lose weight before or during their menstrual cycle. How does one manage a cycle without weight gain? The most important thing to remember is to not be in any sort of hormonal mood when you start to lose weight. It's best to not gain weight before or during your menstrual cycle.	4.4	3	3.2
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown that the Republican Party is not a conservative party. Score: 6     Title: The GOP Is Not Conservative Enough For America - It's time for Republicans to stop apologizing and start fighting back. Text: I am tired of listening to people who are saying how they want us all to be "conservative" but when it comes down to it, they don't really care about anything other than their own personal gain.	4	3	4.8
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown that a small number of individuals can be identified as "white," but how do we actually know whether those individuals are white? A simple test is called the BIA test, and it is a measure of how "unbiased" a person's bias is. In fact, the BIA test is a simple way of measuring how "unbiased" the person really is.	4	3	3.8
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown by intelligence that Russia attempted to influence the 2016 election."	3.6	3	4.8
politics	It has been shown	It has been shown that man has an impact on the weather, water and air, because man has a huge influence on the atmosphere, heat and moisture. But while men are having an impact, man doesn't play an equal or even a bigger role in altering the weather, but is actually limiting the effects of climate change. But what does it all mean?	4	3	2.8
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on whether the government could force companies to do business with Iran in order to keep sanctions from being lifted. Score: 6     Title: Is there any hope for Obama? - "The president has been so weak, and he hasn't done anything about this economy or health care, that I don't think we can expect much more than a tepid response at the end of his term."	3.2	2.8	4.8
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on how the government has handled the financial transactions tax, the income tax, and corporate tax. The government said it had collected the tax revenue from income tax and the corporate tax but did not tax capital gains tax. The GST tax is applied at the corporate end, tax revenue from corporate tax is not taxed. In the tax tax revenue, income tax and corporate tax tax is paid.	3.4	2.6	4.8
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on George W. Bush and Dick Cheney. John Kerry: Too soon  Kerry spokesman Josh Schwerin said in an e-mail that the campaign would not comment on a report it received Friday about a Democratic primary forum scheduled for next month to be staged after the Iowa caucuses, no less.	3.4	2.8	4.8
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on two fundamental questions: Are private-sector companies immune from democratic scrutiny, and how do private entities resist democratic scrutiny? After President Barack Obama's successful push to bring corporate tax policy into the public interest, his administration has kept the focus on those two important questions.	4.2	3	4.2
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the Supreme Court's decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission   Score: 6     Title: What is your opinion of the current state of our economy? Text: I am not a political person but I would like to hear what you think about this economy and how it will affect you. I'm interested mainly because I have been unemployed for over 2 years now due to my lack of education.	4	3	4.4
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the use by police to search and seize property. It also raised questions about how law enforcement agencies should regulate their own property seizures. Mr. Cuomo's office said in response that Mr. Cuomo's "proposition" for new legislation "is the same as any law enforcement authority, including state government, that has a property tax levy.	4.8	2.4	3.4
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on Senate and House races that often seem isolated from the national political scene. Stein, a liberal, is hoping to break through national audiences and help push candidates to the left. The topic also provided a chance for Trump who famously railed against "dishonest" mainstream media during his presidential campaign to advance his own unpopular policies.	3.6	3	4
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the difference in how firms and individual consumers are charged for things, as well as the different payment methods available to people who use them. But the report also raised important questions about the different payment methods to what extent companies are charging consumers for other services, like online banking or travel as well as about how such practices are not just illegal but also unjust.	4.2	2.8	3.2
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the fact that he had been caught lying about his relationship with Monica Lewinsky. Score: 8     Title: Obama Administration Tells Supreme Court It Won't Prosecute Bush Officials for Torture - NYTimes.com   Score: 6     Title: John McCain's plan to cut taxes by $900 billion over 10 years would reduce federal revenue by $91 billion. That's a lot of money to lose.	3.6	2.6	4.6
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the use of tax dollars in the state's education system. Republican lawmakers in the state are considering a bill to require public and private schools to spend their tax dollars on school supplies and services, and to allow students to choose where their tax dollars go. Gov.	3.6	3	4.4
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on Reid, as it has before: his opposition to President Obama's health-care law and income tax hike. McConnell lined up $2 million to defeat him but in the end they lost both races. Democrats haven't been afraid to portray Republicans as out of touch and defensive.	3.8	2.6	4.8
politics	The issue focused on	The issue focused on various aspects of the social safety net, such as being able to purchase food on the federal or state food stamps or receiving education for free.	4	2.8	3.4
politics	In this essay	In this essay from the New York Times, Paul Krugman points out that Republicans are trying to use Obamacare's coverage expansion as a way of attacking health care reform. Score: 8     Title: The Supreme Court has ruled against President Obama's plan for illegal immigrants who have been in America since childhood, ruling that they should be allowed to remain here.	3.6	3.2	3.6
politics	In this essay	In this essay, I examine how a particular group of men and women can be viewed as being 'feminists', while simultaneously claiming to oppose male oppression (political correctness politics, social justice politics etc. ), whilst simultaneously claiming to be 'political' (political correctness politics, social justice politics etc. ), whilst simultaneously being anti-political/political/ political (political correctness politics, political correctness politics etc.	3.6	4	3.6
politics	In this essay	In this essay, John Yoo was a law professor at the University of California at Berkeley and President Bush's first nominee to be chief White House lawyer. His nomination for deputy attorney general—against other senators who objected and became so angry about him that they called hearings on his conduct—led to President Bush's own impeachment trial.	3.8	3.4	4.6
politics	In this essay	In this essay, I'll try to explain why it's so hard to save the life of a chimpanzee that I watched in a laboratory when my own mother died in 1975. At the time of my mother's death, she was experiencing lung cancer and was desperately trying to be monitored by the life-saving tools that we now call radiology.	4.2	2.6	3.4
politics	In this essay	In this essay I will describe the political and economic reasons for such a move as well as some of its unintended consequences. Score: 6     Title: The Republican Party is in desperate need of an overhaul. They have spent years trying to convince Americans that they are somehow better than their opponents on social issues, but now it seems like they're starting to realize what they've been doing isn't working.	3.6	4.2	4
politics	In this essay	In this essay I am trying to demonstrate that it is not the state which is a problem but the social state which is the social problem. State and society are two sides of the same coin. State capitalism and state socialism have two political parties, and state capitalism and state socialism have different state and capitalist governments.	3.4	4.4	5
politics	In this essay	In this essay, Frank Luntz is a political strategist and pollster for Mitt Romney. His clients have included Hollywood celebrities and musicians. Shepherding campaigns, managing TV ads, advising candidates...and writing books about American politics has given Frank the unique insight he needs to help guide Obama's communications team.	3.4	2.8	4.8
politics	In this essay	In this essay, we look at the status of all the international NGOs that have been established by a number of governments, and look at what their priorities are and how they have built their networks. The global NGO sector is a growing economic and social arena with substantial impact on local communities. Its impact on policy-makers and community leaders is much greater than other sectors of the economy.	3.6	2.6	3.8
politics	In this essay	In this essay I argue that the US has been a leading force in spreading democracy around the world and should continue to be so. Score: 6     Title: What is wrong with these people? Is it possible for them to get elected without being corrupt? If so, why are they so stupid?	4.2	3	4
politics	In this essay	In this essay, the late political philosopher and political economist Daniel Bell argues for a radical political theory which takes seriously politics as political theory. In this theory, politics is political, as is politics. In particular, politics becomes politicized, politicized political theory takes seriously political theory as political theory.	4.2	2.8	4.2
politics	In this essay	In this essay, a political cartoon by Jon Davidson. (Frank Bruni/The Washington Post)  Finally, President Obama has signed a spending bill that funds his signature health-care law without blocking key provisions he opposes and many Democrats oppose. Conservatives are celebrating; liberals are watching disappointedly.	4.4	3.6	4
politics	In this essay	In this essay, I want to be clear about the status of work as a means of earning income. That status is likely to change in the next few years, and I want to reflect on that situation when I look at other aspects of the work-family balance.	4.2	3.2	4.6
religion	In summary	In summary : The main point is that it's not the same as being in a coma. Comment: It depends on what you mean by " awake, and aware of your surroundings ". If someone wakes up with no memory or even just an empty head then they aren't really alive anymore because their brain has been destroyed from all kinds of damage like stroke etc...	4	2.4	4
religion	In summary	In summary of the findings of the National Health Service in the United Kingdom, there is a higher prevalence of breast cancer in women of European origin than in other European countries. However, the proportion of women with a specific type of breast cancer is higher than in other European countries and is increasing. Breast cancer is a serious and life-threatening disease. It has a major effect on the life expectancy of the population.	3.8	2.6	4.4
religion	In summary	In summary The Role of Agromontana in our environment 2011, did you know? A revised edition has been produced following new and authoritative scientific data! Available as e-book from Amazon US or Amazon UK (UK buyers must verify): 1. About me 2.	4.2	2.2	2.4
religion	In summary	In summary, religion or the cause of the faith may be persecuted or banned. Thai police have been unable to clarify the identity of a man who was stabbed and who has been unable to give further information for 18 months. In 2012, 43 people were killed and thousands more injured in a coordinated attack on a cafe in Bangkok that authorities blamed on an Indonesian militant group.	4	2.4	4.4
religion	In summary	In summary : " religion is the belief that there's a god, and you should worship him or her.. I don't know if this makes any sense but it seems to be pretty universal in most religions   Comment: The difference between Christianity and other forms of organized religion ( i.e. Islam ) are not as big as people think they are.	4	2.6	4.6
religion	In summary	In summary:  A simple but effective tool that is easy to use. Can be used for all types of images. Can be used for any type of video. Can be used to create a custom color palettes.	4	2.6	4.6
religion	In summary	In summary The following quotes from Isaac's Epistle to the Hebrews should show us the high value of careful theology and salvation interpretation while at the same time be helpful for understanding some specific questions and misconceptions. References Paul, Romans ix, No. 70 "I ask thee on behalf of Christ: Which is easier—to say nothing or to speak?"	3.6	2.8	4.6
religion	In summary	In summary, belief in God, or religionism. According to the University of Oxford, "The University of Oxford is a progressive and scholarly institution that has been a cornerstone of British liberal democracy for more than four centuries". According to The Guardian, "The school is an established liberal bastion that stands up for liberal values."	3.8	2.6	5
religion	In summary	In summary, a person who is not religious or doesn't believe in any god. Comment: The idea of the universe being created by an intelligent creator ( if ) was first proposed to explain why there were no other galaxies at that time and how they formed out of nothing with only light - matter.	3.6	3.6	4.8
religion	In summary	In summary  This guide will show how to configure and use the new Windows 10 Mobile Device Manager and Windows 10 Mobile Device Security Service to manage Windows 10 Mobile Device Security Service. The device security service helps prevent unauthorized access to Windows Defender Advanced Security Service ( Windows Defender Security Service Security Service Security Service ). The device security service helps enforce Device Security Policies for the device.	4	3.4	2.8
religion	In summary	In summary The Canon: Actors age is approximately proportional to their maximum condition from birth until the day they die. Actors age is approximately proportional to their maximum condition from birth until the day they die. Skill: Characters Age has a default 1 year progression speed limit set at 100%. Characters can increase this growth speed beyond this limit by reaching and progressing above specialized skill tiers.	4.2	3.8	4.8
religion	In summary	In summary, nor are the Church of Latter-day Saints. They are either religious believers or not. The Church and religion  Tibet  At the end of 1586, the British government granted a gold prospector a licence to continue exploring for gold, to report back and answer inquiries about their findings. His plan was to explore the land for treasure.	4	3.6	4.2
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the history of religion and how it has been used to control people. Comment: I'm not sure what you mean by " government,, etc... " but we're talking about a very long time ago when there were no religions or gods in our world so that is why they are called'religious wars'because most times those who don't believe in god get killed for their beliefs.	3.8	3.6	4.6
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the relationship of Christ with the world (1 Cor. 11-16, 1 Thess. 1: God's covenant), and the nature of the Holy Spirit (1 Thess. 2: The Holy Spirit).	4	4.2	4.4
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the Biblical passages and archeological discoveries that support the orthodox version of Genesis presented in Hebrews. Is it possible, though, that an ancient perspective on human nature contradicts what we would normally associate with scripture? Consider this remarkable discovery: Ancient biblical scholars have long thought humans originally began life as wolves.	4	3.8	4.6
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses  Catholicism  practical Catholicism  citing the fear that being Catholic could make one less moral  Cafe C: On what basis is there a need for those who subscribe to the Catholic Church to be called "saints"? A.	3.6	3	4
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the idea of a god and how it is possible for someone to believe in one without actually believing it. Score: 7   Title: I don't think I'll ever get over this one... Text: So I was raised by my mother who has been very religious all her life but now she just doesn't care anymore about religion or anything like that might make me doubt myself,.	4.2	3.6	4.8
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the question "What God Wants?" and the answer, "He Wants You." The Book of Genesis is the Bible of God. This book is an account of God's creation of the world, the creation of man and of all life in God.	4	3.4	4.8
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the history, uses of, and current use of symbols from Christianity in Japan. Why Study Japanese History in America? Those interested in practicing Japanese language or culture may wish to study Japanese history at an American academic institution. American institutions offer excellent teaching and popular classes available on-campus with local residents involved.	4.2	3.6	4.6
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the origins of Christianity. The word "Christian" has become so widely used that it can be applied to just about any religion and to Christianity. To be more specific, the word "Christian" has become so widely applied to almost any religion that it's been defined as an umbrella term.	4.2	3.6	5
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the many different ways in which science and religion are intertwined   Score: 8   Title: A friend of mine is a Christian who was raised Catholic but has been questioning his faith recently. He told me about this subreddit he came across it while browsing reddit. I am not going to post any links on here because i don't want people reading my posts.	3.2	3.6	4.8
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the historical development of Islam in the Islamic world between the 9th century and the 11th century. The essay explores the relationship of Islam to Christianity and its relation to Judaism, Jesus Christ, the Holy Quran, and Christianity itself. In the Bible, Jesus is referred in many ways. In 1 John 1:2, Jesus is "an apostle, the Word, the Prophet Jesus Christ".	4	3.2	4.2
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the relationship between Stoic philosophy and film-making. "Beginnings are fragile things, they reveal not only that a life began, but what comes from that beginning to shape it in its last trials.	3.2	3.8	4
religion	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the reason behind the Christian god, or why religion is something for us to develop and support. This explains why we might not want to embrace Christianity at all, so we should be more kind and considerate. We shouldn't go around saying it's OK to be religious if we have a sense that it's wrong to believe something.	4.2	3.2	4.4
religion	Views on	Views on the topic. Comment: I'm not sure what you're talking about, but it's a bit of an odd thing to ask here in ELI5!	2.8	3	3.6
religion	Views on	Views on the issue  A recent poll by the Public Religion Research Institute found that 52% of Americans support same-sex marriage. This is down from 57% in 2004. The poll did not ask about the issue of gay marriage and same-sex relationships.	4.2	2.8	4.2
religion	Views on	Views on gay civil rights | Featured Articles  Religious advocates argue that such regulations would not curb religious freedom but rather expose teachers to dangerous theories about homosexuality and even lead some to convert themselves or lose their jobs. It is unclear whether parents will take matters into their own hands by contacting school officials about LGBT issues.	4	3	4.8
religion	Views on	Views on Britain's Indian identity: people opposed to religion who identify themselves as non-Muslims. So it seems the only way people are allowed to change their religious beliefs is if they become enemies of Islam. In this case, Imam Tawfiq is indeed wrong, for although the government of Pakistan has condemned this murder, this murder has been carried out in the name of Islam.	3.8	3	4.8
religion	Views on	Views on the topic of religion. Comment: The vast majority aren't religious, but they do have a lot in common with Christianity and other religions that share some core beliefs. Many people who practice any type of faith think their views are superior to others's view points because it is what you believe your god wants you to be or believes his words should be taken as literal truth.	4	4	4.4
religion	Views on	Views on the U.S Constitution  by David A. Sanger, M.D. The American people have had the opportunity to learn from their ancestors in their own right. As a result, the people of this land have developed a deep respect for their own constitution and the laws that protect it.	4.6	3.4	4.6
religion	Views on	Views on abuse Update November 24 : An article in Daily Mail recently published an interview with a woman who claimed that RuPaul supports abusing gay people because he has come out himself and is therefore more accepting of homosexuals than his father, who was a closeted man: On one level this makes perfect sense.	3.6	3.6	4
religion	Views on	Views on homosexuality, or atheism, are now synonymous with being a 'disgrace to God'  More than 1,000 people have signed an open letter to the Church of England in which they allege there is a "wrongly demonised" gay people in the church.	3.8	4	5
religion	Views on	Views on the topic of religion. Comment: The difference between a religious person and an atheist is that they are not convinced by their own reasoning, or logic in order to believe what they don't have evidence for it's existence. They're just people who choose not to accept something because its simply too hard to be true without any proof at all.	4.2	3	4.6
religion	Views on	Views on the Role of Women in the Church  Women are not only members of the Church, but also are Church officers, teachers, members, and leaders. They have a place in the faith, and their presence is essential for its development. In this Church, women's participation must be recognized and respected.	4.2	3.4	4.8
religion	Views on	Views on abortion and access may also play a role. "As I have traveled this country for thirty years, one thing has always bothered me more than anything else about gun policy: Politicians repeat their talking points over and over again," he wrote in National Review in January.	3	3.2	3.2
religion	Views on	Views on Christianity, or "faithless" religion. Mormonism  Mormonism is the modern form of Ancient Egyptian religion and has a belief system based upon the beliefs of their founder Joseph Smith (1807-1844), who was an early member of the Mormon Church.	3	3.4	5
religion	The connection	The connection is that the one thing we can be sure of in this life is our own mortality and what it means to us. And I believe with all my heart that there are people who have died before us but they were not able to see their loved ones again after death because of a fear or an anger or some other emotion.................	3.2	2	4.4
religion	The connection	The connection between a player and team is one of the most important of all. We're a family. We are one. It's not our intention to judge, or judge others, or to make you a God.	3	1.8	4.2
religion	The connection	The connection to planet Earth was made on April 7 at Sliammon observatory in the Lithuanian town of Sedmalo. "In Europa's rings we discovered two satellites: Mimas and Ganymede, mirroring our own moon with Galileo Galilei identified Enceladus" he said, referring to 1960s-era scientist James Cameron's blockbuster.	3	2.2	3.4
religion	The connection	The connection to religion or something about religion - but not necessarily. Atheists are usually considered atheists by the majority of people, but to be considered an atheist it is believed that any person can be an atheist.	3.4	2	4.8
religion	The connection	The connection between the two is that it was a time of great religious and political upheaval in Europe during this period. Comment: In my experience, most people don't really care about religion or politics at all ; they just want to live their life as happy as possible without having any negative effect on others's lives.	4.2	3.4	3.4
religion	The connection	The connection between the Bible and the Qur'an and the Holy Qur'an. The connection between the Holy Qur'an and the Bible. The connection between the Holy Qur'an and the Book of Abraham. The connection between the Holy Qur'an and Muhammad.	4.8	4.8	4.8
religion	The connection	The connection to this is that in mythology Cain and Abel are mentioned by name almost exactly the same number of times, with 13 references total.	3.8	3.6	4
religion	The connection	The connection to Islam is not a religious right. The government did not represent the majority of Muslim people in parliament  The Foreign Secretary, Boris Johnson, said there had been a "failure" by the UK and other countries to understand the "inherent sensitivities" of Muslim communities.	4.2	3.8	4.4
religion	The connection	The connection between the two is that both are in some ways about the same as a man who has never been able to get over his fear of death and so he seeks out other people with similar fears but they have different kinds of answers. Title: How does an entire city go from one part of town, to another? Text: I'm sure there's more than just this question...	4.6	3	4.8
religion	The connection	The connection between human rights and science is at its most potent when it comes to human nature. We are born into a state of nature, and when we reach adulthood, it is our job to protect nature and protect ourselves when we are young. It's a duty, but our nature is not in our control.	4.2	3.2	3.4
religion	The connection	The connection to follow.org will be made from 6:30PM US Central time on Thursday January 9th until 5:30PM US Central time on Sunday January 10th. Comment below and help spread the word, this will take only a second!	4.4	3.8	4.6
religion	The connection	The connection between Hinduism and Islam  (This is not an issue of religion)  This is a list of quotations from various sources that relate to this topic.	4.4	3.2	5
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the fact that many of these people have been in contact with each other for a long time and they are all very close friends. " Comment: I'm not sure how much you can get out of it but if there's enough interest, then maybe someone will start making an official wiki page about.. Title: What happens when we die? And what exactly does death do?	3.6	2.8	3.6
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is our mission statement:  "We are a company that is driven to make people happy, not just to make money." This is an important part of our success. Our team is made up of people who are passionate about helping people live the life they want in a sustainable and beautiful way. We believe that it is important to live a life of love as much as possible.	4.2	3.2	3
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the idea that while subjects like grammar, mathematics, logic are basic tools for science and academia, they still lack an explanatory hook for studying religion. "Science as we know it offers clear answers on things that aren't subject to debate or doubt. Religion's responses seem more like equivocations and opinions shared by a small sect of an opinion."	4.4	3	3.8
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the word of philosophy rather than religion. This term used by the author is heavily influenced by the Romans, who believed in "new philosophy" that focused on saving people from death (more on that later) rather than salvation from "outdated" religion. That said, the religion is interesting and worth discussing, so we will start by setting out to learn more.	4.6	3.2	4.8
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the fact that in order for a person to be considered an atheist they must have been raised as one or rejected religion. * In addition there are other factors such as having religious beliefs and being born into a family with strong belief in god.	4.4	2.6	4.8
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the fact that a lot of people are born with a God-given Creator-God relationship. God created them and God is their Creator. If God was a God of the Bible, He would make God the same in everything. God created everything and God's Word and God's Spirit is the Bible.	4.2	2.6	4.6
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the notion that every person, no matter their life path, should be supported regardless of their personal beliefs or beliefs they choose for everyone in a group of friends  Similar to that is shared values.	3.6	3.2	5
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the right to religious belief but where does it come from? There are two main reasons the UK is so well-known as a religious nation:  its religious beliefs, which clearly have a direct link with its traditional beliefs, and  its secular, liberal culture, which recognises all religion and belief as true.	4.4	2.4	4.6
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the fact that if we can get people out of poverty and into a middle class lifestyle, then our society will be healthier, happier and more prosperous. We are in need of all these things because they help us make our world better for everyone. So what do you think? Score: 9   Title: I am an atheist who has been raised as christian.	4.6	3.8	5
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the notion of the God of the Bible, Jesus Christ. This God is our Creator, Father in Heaven and Savior, God, Jesus Christ. God is God God God God God God. Jesus Christ Christ Jesus Jesus Christ Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ.	4.8	4.2	5
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the notion that technology can not only enable evolution within nature but should be embraced by conservation so that humankind does not inherit Earth's dwindling resources for their own selfish pursuits. "To create sustainable, human-driven adaptation models that benefit humans while improving biodiversity, scientists must work together globally.	4.6	4	3
religion	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the wrong religion to believe in. Religious leaders across the world have reacted with fury to these words. Christian leader and Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby tweeted: 'Absolutely horrified that this has become a US obsession.' He added that the Pope should not be 'taken to task for saying these things'.	4.2	3.4	4.8
religion	To review,	To review, and recommend books about the subject of religion. Comment: I've been a pastor for 8 years now, so it's kind of like that when you're in church with someone else on Sunday morning or something like that they give out their book to people who are interested in reading them.	4	2	5
religion	To review,	To review, I was born in Brooklyn, New York. I'm a college student, but my parents are still from Brooklyn, so I've spent my whole life there. I'm a member of the National Jewish People of the United States of America (NJPUSA). The NJPUSA is the largest Jewish organization and has a membership of over 4 million people.	4.4	3	4.8
religion	To review,	To review, make preparations and commit. Stay tuned! Top quality knowledge transfer materials for your Seminar Ticket - and based on today's trending content policy: guaranteed authentic 'Right On', updated in real time. Expressive design, prototype-worthy presentation slides and a whole lot of more... Just what you need to share with the world - right at your comfort level!	4.2	2	3
religion	To review,	To review, religious or devotional status  Many people who believe in a spiritual and a personal meaning to life (opseco) hold that the Bible is God's word, and that only the church has the authority to say how it should be interpreted. Some see religion as a purely psychological phenomenon, and it is therefore one that should be left to science rather than religion.	4.6	3.2	4.8
religion	To review,	To review, and recommend books by other authors or publishers. Score: 7   Title: I love this subreddit but it has become a bit of an echo chamber. Text: It is hard to find any good posts on r/atheism because there are so many people who only comment about their own religion...they just have no idea how anyone else feels about the same topic.	4.2	2.2	4
religion	To review,	To review, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the First Amendment protects gay and lesbian marriage. However, this ruling does not address marriage equality in Indiana. This is a very important case because it has a very clear and very clear Supreme Court ruling: The Supreme Court has ruled that same-sex couples are entitled to marriage.	4	3.2	3.6
religion	To review,	To review, replacing library films is good news. Public awareness for film is dropping, the history behind it to replace old story lines that too many schools want to promote instead of representing America's silent past with love, activism and energy.	4	2.2	3
religion	To review,	To review, religion or religious beliefs don't actually matter to people. They may have been "taken for granted" by religion and religion may "take precedence" over other "wisdom and wisdom of the people". If religion says that you are to be worshiped, it is "worshiping" you for what you were not, but godly.	3.8	2.4	4
religion	To review,	To review, and recommend books on a wide variety of subjects. Comment: It's not about the quality, but how much money you can make off it. You have to sell your book as many copies that are possible.. so people will buy more than one copy in order for them to be able to get their hands on the original version.........	4	2.4	3.6
religion	To review,	To review, "The Secret Life and Times of Donald Trump" is by no means a definitive history of the modern Republican Party. But it certainly is an overview of how the conservative movement came to exist and what it meant for Trump. The conservative movement, or so it seemed, is about Jesus Christ himself, and the gospel of Jesus Christ the Son of God.	3.8	3.2	3.6
religion	To review,	To review, study and copy. Discuss and edit. Work with editors to ensure consistency of format throughout its pages. Organization makes sense for project education content focused on exceptional teachers (NINJA, THRIVE) / Exam Preparation & Report Generation (ELA).	3.8	2.4	3
religion	To review,	To review, christianity and christianity or, bequeathing is an alternative to an older name for the church. It was a popular name and came to mean "the church of Jesus Christ." In spite of the significant or use of this name, there is little or no mention of the word christianity in church writings.	4	2.4	5
religion	In brief,	In brief, this is the first time in my life that I have ever been able to understand how someone could be so completely and utterly convinced of their own religious beliefs without a shred of evidence or logic behind it. It was like they had no other option but to blindly follow what their parents taught them from childhood on...................	4.4	3.4	4.8
religion	In brief,	In brief, you can't play this game, because:  you are too young. You are too lazy. Or maybe you are both, and you have both. Or maybe one of you is just plain lazy.	4.6	3.4	3.4
religion	In brief,	In brief, Cognitive Behavior Therapy is a general term describing the type of counseling provided to individuals with cognitive difficulties and includes: classes (called as part of an individualized program)  weekend courses (also called core training sessions), where new students learn skills. Students perform roles during these intensive lessons.	4.8	3.4	4.4
religion	In brief,	In brief, religious persecution  (also known as religious fundamentalism)  There is no single definition of this term. All definitions of this term follow the common definition and are used in connection with religious affairs by governments and organisations such as universities, universities, the armed forces and other organisations.	4.2	4	5
religion	In brief,	In brief, it is a method of measuring the distance between two points on Earth by means of an instrument called an astrometer. The meter measures angular size and time to give you the height in inches per second. It's used for surveying purposes.. Title: Why do we have different names?	3.8	2.8	4.8
religion	In brief,	In brief, there is only one way to get to the end of the world and the only way to do it is to destroy the planet. God will not allow that. God has told God God. God is God, God is God.	4.2	2.6	4.4
religion	In brief,	In brief, Android 4.4(r) with a few minor touches are currently in testing. Interestingly, we are seeing this release first on HTC One (M8). The Verizon LTE network is expected to be updated around mid-June 2017 - keep an eye out for any breaking news!	4.2	2.8	3.6
religion	In brief,	In brief, religious belief was thought of as "religion" in several European countries, until the French Revolution in the 18th century. But some long-standing religious and philosophical beliefs still remain, which people speak of as "beliefs of religion" (1). Questioners are asked the following questions about religion. Question states of doubt are answered in the affirmative.	4.4	3.2	4.4
religion	In brief,	In brief, the way I see it is that a religion should be about how people think and feel in their daily lives, not what they do or believe in. This was my view of Christianity for many years until recently when I realized just how wrong this is.	4.6	2.4	4.4
religion	In brief,	In brief, the Ugly Duck is a game for 2-6 players. You will need to choose between two factions: the Dark Elves and the Elves of Hope who have been corrupted by Chaos to worship Chaos and to be the Dark Gods. You will also have the option of choosing between three factions, but only one of them can be chosen at once.	4.4	2.4	3.8
religion	In brief,	In brief, when the primary season enters its final stages and caucuses begin in Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina this month, party leaders are trying to win over voters with key messages about how they would benefit from a candidate's policies while also carefully managing how candidates capitalize on every new name emerging as a viable challenger to frontrunner Hillary Clinton.	3.8	2.4	3.6
religion	In brief,	In brief, organised religion (IoH) is a faith with no connection to religion. The British state has always maintained that religion can be separated from politics. It has also resisted the attempt to define religion as an ethnic, not a social, matter. Do you think that the Act can be described as a social or religious act?	4.2	2.4	4.2
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of the process by which a single molecule can be split into two or more molecules. Title: Why do some people have an allergy to certain foods? Text: I'm allergic to nuts, but my friend isn't and he eats them all day long with no problems at all.....	2.8	3	4.4
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of a "dreadful creature." The demon known as "Demon" (Majin no Majin?) appears in the Final Fantasy series. Contents show]  Description Edit  The Demon appears as a dark demon with a white skin and black eyes.	3.4	3	4.6
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of neutrons produced inside an electron tube. Since 1957, scientists have known that hydrogen-neutrons interact so violently when they collide at a very short range that anything as short as a photon can be torn apart, cutting off what energy it possesses for whatever purpose it was emitted with.	3.2	3.2	3.4
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of why they call themselves "religion" (God is good). What are the distinguishing characteristics of this religion? Theologians speak of this religion as having a "closed universe", "that is completely secular", "inhabited only by those who are religious and have no ties to the world, and so are completely detached from the historical record".	3.2	2.8	3.8
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of the evolution of a single cell from an amoeba to a human cell. Score: 9     Title: I'm starting my own religion and I need some help   Text: So I've been trying for about two months now but it's really hard because every time you start it just gets harder and harder. And then when you finally get somewhere where people accept that you are not real or what ever.	3.6	2.2	3.8
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of the new Star Wars trilogy. Credit: Lucasfilm/Disney  The Star Wars trilogy is finally here. And as we celebrate, let me share some things we have learned from this epic journey. The first three Star Wars trilogy were a total disaster.	4	3.6	3.4
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 is shown in this artist's conception, based on data gathered by NASA's Hubble Space Telescope. Hide Caption 51 of 52  Photos: Rosetta: The comet chaser Rosetta has turned its focus to studying comets and asteroids.	4	2.6	3.4
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of a religious faith, or'religion' not allowed in Ukraine. It is unclear how many, if any, people practise this religion, although many of the population believe that all Jews are descendants of Joseph. It is a small community that is called the 'Russian Orthodox Church'. The same spiritual leader has also led protests against the law.	4.2	2.4	4.8
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of the Book of Mormon   Score: 7     Title: A friend is an atheist and I need to help him out with his family. What should he do? Text: He has a very religious family that are trying their best to convert him. They have been going through all these arguments in front of them but they don't seem like they're really getting anywhere.	3.8	3.2	4
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of the Earth, which will be a satellite, and a globe, which will be a star, in heaven Jesus Christ Almighty God of God God the Father God God Jesus God. God Jesus Christ God. God God God God God God God God God God. God God.	3.8	2.8	4.8
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of hydrogen atoms. Wikimedia Commons  "The atomic nucleus has many fundamental properties, including its extremely compact structure: The particles inside it are each smaller than a single proton and a neutron," Carroll told Business Insider in an email. "	4	2.8	3
religion	An illustration of	An illustration of nationalism is now regarded as hate. Image caption In 1982, the Dalai Lama was given asylum in India and established a base at Dharamsala  He is now in India, and is currently seeking asylum, on behalf of his three children who are now residing in the UK, from whom he continues to draw inspiration.	4	3.4	4.2
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, and finally,   Score: 6     Title: I don't know if this is a repost or not but it made me laugh so here you go   Text: A man was walking down the street when he saw a woman with her husband in front of their house. The wife said to him " hey do you believe that god created everything for no reason at all?"	3	3.8	5
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, the Bible says the Son of God will be crucified. That means Jesus Christ will be raised from the dead on the third day. Now, Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and therefore he will rise again and be glorified in Heaven! And the Word Jesus Christ is the Christ Jesus, the Son of God.	3.8	3.4	5
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, according to Los Angeles Magazine, actress Olivia Wilde admitted that Shameless has gotten better at bringing drama to its storylines when compared to its predecessor The WB comedy series Bridesmaids. "It's [About Time] lighter than it was before," said Wilde of the time period she co-stars on the Showtime drama where she originated.	3.6	3.4	3
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, "anti-Islamic" teachings are "religious belief". It is illegal for a preacher or cleric to be banned from speaking to an audience on their own initiative. The commission did not specify how it would rule in the case. The court will now decide if the right to free expression and assembly should be upheld in a case involving the speaker and the right of assembly.	3.2	3.2	4.2
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, and then I would have to write a book about how much of the world is in fact just as beautiful as it seems from my perspective but this time with all the things that are going on around me every day. Score: 8   Title: A Christian friend told me... Text: That if you die believing in God your soul will be saved.	4.4	3.4	4.6
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, the "S" is used as a plural form of "Christ," Jesus. The Hebrew word (Yehoshu God) is the same as the Hebrew word Jesus, the Messiah, the God and Savior and God and Savior Jesus Christ (Jesus Christ God, Jesus Christ Jesus Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ God God).	4.2	3.4	4.8
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, because Kosher diets are the standard of health for most people, a study looking at Greek students published in 2013 showed that they like diets high in protein as well. Green Tea Health Benefits  1.	4.4	3.4	2.8
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, of religion or other-worldly belief. Religion of Reformed denominations: The church has become the most significant religious institution in northern Iraq, and provides the majority of the county's financial support for its efforts to provide life-changing services to some 80,000 people, mostly Christians. The statement released on Sunday by Saddam Hussein's government blamed the attack on extremist groups, notably ISIS.	4	3.4	5
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, and...well, you get the picture. Score: 8   Title: This is why I don't like r/atheism   Text: The first thing that popped into my head when reading this was how people who believe in a higher power are always going to be religious people. They just have different ideas on what they should believe. You all know religion is based off of something called faith which means believing without proof.	4.2	2.4	4.2
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, if you're interested in the Bible it seems you can't be God. God's God is God.	4.4	2.4	4.2
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, in this article "plugging" for public transport is more than just a matter of price. Managing money may not be always as simple as it seems:  "maybe this isn't so much a protest against urban roads or subways, then, but something very similar."	4.4	2.6	3.4
religion	Furthermore,	Furthermore, or "religious" identity, may hold some kind of spiritual place. Some of the most important of these is believed to have come from the Vedas. If the Vedas have been totally corrupted, then they would be completely irrelevant to our day-to-day life and politics.	4.6	2.2	4.2
religion	The central theme	The central theme of the book is that people are not what they seem to be and can only be understood by looking at them from a different angle than you normally would. I was hoping for some insight into this thought process but instead got an incredibly poorly written book. It seemed like he wrote it as if someone had just read his previous work in which I have no idea how bad it actually was.	4	3.6	4
religion	The central theme	The central theme of the 2016 Republican Convention was how America's "God Bless America" flag should be flown at government functions. This message was reinforced in Tuesday night's speeches by Gov. Bobby Jindal and Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, and it seemed to be getting through to delegates, with Gov.	4.4	3.6	3.4
religion	The central theme	The central theme in "Full Metal Jacket" is psychological abuse, but it's never played for shock value or cheap sensationalism. From open-ended flashbacks to direct narratives, director Stanley Kubrick brings a quiet horror movie to the screen.	4.4	3.4	3.8
religion	The central theme	The central theme of Islam is religious faith. The term "Islamophobia" is derived from the term "Islamophobia" and describes the way some activists of Islam who protest other social issues approach those with different ideas and experiences to introduce religion in a positive way. The term can also be used to describe Islamophobic stereotypes about Muslims and Muslims who have different views of Islam, such as Islamophobia.	4.2	3.2	4.4
religion	The central theme	The central theme of the book is that we should not let our fears or worries stop us from doing what we know to be right and good. Score: 6   Title: I have a question about religion in general. Text: I'm an atheist but still believe there are some good things in religion. What would you say if someone said they were religious but didn't follow any religion?	3.8	3	4.8
religion	The central theme	The central theme in this article isn't the merits or drawbacks of the two-step process of meditation. It's the idea that the practice of meditation can be used for good. The two-step method is a Buddhist philosophy founded Christianity in India. The Buddha said the Buddha is "the Truth."	3.8	3.2	3.6
religion	The central theme	The central theme for this episode was still the patriarchy. "Tell me, Naota," Rachel told her best friend. "What will it be like to be a writer on Deep Space Nine?" Here the writers experimented with both sci-fi tropes and show staples, adding high school scenario elements to a central teenager's struggle.	3.6	3	3.4
religion	The central theme	The central theme of Christianity is that of humanism. The word "Christian" refers to a distinct, local, or "dialectic" community that emerged in northern Europe around the eighth century, as Christianity and Christianity alone were unable to establish a hold on an entire region. The word was originally used to designate the missionary efforts of the Church in ancient Greece.	4.4	3	4.4
religion	The central theme	The central theme of the book is that religion should be kept out of public life and government should stay away from religion. Score: 7   Title: I am an atheist who has been a devout Christian my entire life. AMA   Text: I'm not sure if this will get me any kind of response but it might help some people understand why i do what i do.	4.2	3	4.2
religion	The central theme	The central theme of the book is the relationship between the Church and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The author, David O. McKay, says that "God's Church is not an organization, it is a relationship." He adds that God's Church is "a temple of the Lord Jesus Christ and His Christ, and is the temple of God."	4.6	2.8	4.6
religion	The central theme	The central theme was hope and revolution. "Today is the Black Thursday of the Arab Spring", he told us, "when hundreds of thousands will gather at Tahrir Square to march for freedom. May they be able to judge by their words and deeds how eager they are to seize power". "Shameless tyrants!	4.4	3	4
religion	The central theme	The central theme of Islam is to be secular, not religious. A student from East Cleveland Middle School's College of Faith told his parents during the prayer during his ninth-grade class. "I don't know what this means, so I'm going to pray anyway," the student said in the video posted on YouTube.	4.4	3	4.2
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, that the great and glorious God of nature hath created a world so wonderful as to be above all other worlds in his own sight. And he hath set this world up for our use, which is not only to provide us with food and drink but also by means whereof we may know what sort of creatures they are who dwell upon earth. Score: 9   Title: I am an atheist living in America.	3.4	2.8	4.8
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, let's review this week's news:  1. A federal court in Virginia struck down the state's ban on same-sex marriage, which the state argued was unconstitutional. It is now the first U.S. state to approve same-sex marriage and the fourth to legalize it. 2.	3.6	3.2	3.4
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, while this article presents in relatively good format the theory behind what makes for a great RPG session and shows a lot of philosophy on game mechanics and production, it leaves much to be desired with regard to coherency as well as clarity on some of the most commonly asked questions regarding game creation.	3.6	3.6	3.8
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, religious conservatism is the cause of secularism? This is an interesting question that has been discussed since 1999 when a book entitled Religions and the Politics of Religion was published. This book could have been written as a response to the book titled The Conquest of Religious Identity, by F.A. Hayek and C.M.	3.4	3	4.6
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, that the Holy Scriptures are not to be read, nor taken in any other sense than as a record of things past, present and future. Score: 7     Title: I thought you guys might like this story about an atheist who was raised by his mother after her death. She said he would go out into the world and try to make people think differently about religion.	3	3.2	4.2
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, it is clear that Jesus Christ was God. (3)  God's word is God's law. God's God is God's God. God's God is God's God.	4	3.8	3.8
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, wherever one looks in the world today, people seem to believe that God loves them as a real human being should--and that whatever goes wrong is ultimately God's fault. Can they be right? 1 In parts of China Taoists still retain some reverence for this concept.	3.4	3.2	4.8
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, religious belief is not religion (see: atheists)  However, this does not mean that those who claim to be atheists don't seek to persuade the public that they are religious. One need only look at the attempts of various theists to persuade people that they are not religious in order to find this.	4	3.6	4
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, I believe that the majority of Americans are good people and would like to see a change in our government. Score: 6   Title: If you don't believe, or just aren't sure, what do you? Text: This is something I've always wondered about myself. What does it mean when someone says they have no religious belief?	3.6	3.8	4.8
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, we can say that there is no God. God is a God who made man. God made man out of dust and was God to God man.	4.2	2.6	4.8
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, if you are interested in learning more about media acquisition for mobile games then I highly recommend getting some background information on how to acquire game marketing budgets online. I hope you enjoyed this review! Leave your comments or questions below and let us know your thoughts!	3.6	3	3.8
religion	To conclude,	To conclude, even religions, as they claim to be anti-religious (this is how they can use the term "atheism" without actually understanding what atheism is). This is a complete misunderstanding of the term atheism to begin with. If it means that they are anti-religious, then they are not in denial about it.	3.8	3	4.6
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect of the book is that it shows how a man can be led by his own desires and not follow God's will. Title: Why do some people have such bad breath?	3.4	3.2	2.6
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect of any game is what you do with the puck. In order to win the game, you've got to score, you've got to kill and you've got to get the puck. That's what we'll do in this series. We have some of our favorites and some of our worst.	4	3.4	3.2
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect here is that since God establishes in creation His concrete order of creation and ends up superseding it—in spite of its formal remnants—at the conclusion, this fails to sign him as a literary composer at all, but rather indicates him as essentially more God-like than most composers at this point in his life.	3.6	3	4
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect of a religion called Hinduism, is that it is not officially recognised in India. Despite some efforts, thousands of people around the world still don't recognise it as a religion.	4.4	2.8	4.4
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect of the book is that it discusses how to make a living from writing and selling your own books. This has been a very interesting read for me as I have never written anything before but this book gave me some insight on what could be possible in my future if you can just write something down or do something else with no money at all.	3.6	3.8	4
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect of a successful business venture is that you have a product, and that is what this article is about. The other aspect is that you have the right team. A lot of companies that have been around the long Game Development Life Cycle (GDL) know the Benefits of the Game Development Life Cycle (G Life Cycle).	3.6	4.2	3.8
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect here is that "usage testing" or "tests" should be used to indicate that you're writing something useful, and show your dedication. You will want to carefully review each bit of code - if it's just added clutter, throw it out and start fresh.	3	3	3
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect of religious life, as well as human rights  Shaoqi Qi. I don't know, it's probably a new word that just popped in my head, but I am very much interested to know what it means. I have never heard of a word like that before, so I hope you'll feel free to ask me questions on the forum to clear it up.	3	4.4	3.6
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect of this is the fact that you have to use a special tool called an electron microscope in order for it all work properly. This means that when using your computer or any other electronic device,,, and electrical current must be used with these devices.. Score: 6   Title: Why do we see things as being " bigger than they are? " They're just not there yet.	3.2	3.2	4.8
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect for the upcoming Star Wars Battlefront will be the game's new multiplayer game mode: Conquest. It's a huge change from the standard Conquest game mode, and one that we've covered a lot. The new mode will be the most intense single player campaign in Battlefront history, offering a lot of options.	3.6	3.6	3.6
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect about this diagram is that there are a few decent bunches of DNA both encoding propeller function (in the middle), plus parts to control gas working. Mechanical Guide  Described from above as the propeller, these tend to be pretty obvious.	3.6	3.4	3.6
religion	The key aspect	The key aspect of Islam is 'freedom of religion'  There are many examples in the Islamic community where the word 'freedom' has been used as a title for Muslims who adhere to certain beliefs.	4	3.4	4.6
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this I had never been a fan of the idea that there is no such thing as an objective reality. However, after reading "The End Of Faith" by Richard Dawkins and his discussion on what he believes are the most likely explanations for why we believe in god, it was enough to make me question my own beliefs.	3.8	3	4.4
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this week, the world had not had time to watch a movie. But on Friday, the New York Times ran a headline declaring that the world is in "an existential moment" and America will soon be the only Christian Nation on Earth. The New Testament is a collection of books, written by God Himself. Jesus Christ was God in Godhead.	3.6	2.8	4
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this release we released the first OpenVR Demo which you can visit here:   What's New and in X-Plane 10.3.0? Here is some information for everyone!	3	3.2	3.4
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this election, the Faith Movement (the Church of Scientology)  This article needs photographic attention in order to look its original and accurate. Take this opportunity to correct this error. The following article was originally published on September 24, 2008 and is available for free online, as the original author is being completely transparent with the Christian world, albeit under a pseudonym.	3.4	2.8	4.2
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this they had been a bit of an odd couple with each other as he was the older and more experienced one at times while she was younger but both very strong willed people who were attracted to each other. The two eventually got married after only knowing eachother for about 2 years before moving in together.	3.4	3	3.8
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this week, I would have been happy to see the new Star Wars Battlefront game. The game is very good, and I'm a fan of it. But after I played it for the first time, I was disappointed with what I saw in the trailer. The game looks like a game that was created by a team of people with little experience in video games that is not Star Wars.	3.8	3.2	3
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this article there was a preface and at least two references, all of which are no longer online.	3	2.8	4.8
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this, religious religion, which had opposed homosexuality, has been taken as a movement with several goals in mind. One of these is to get rid of the "homosexual" and "lesbian" culture, and promote inclusiveness and community over individualism. Another of these goals is to provide acceptance and support for those who are in homosexual relationships.	4	3	4.8
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this I was a devout Catholic and went through some serious struggles in my life before coming out as an atheist at age 17. Score: 10   Title: What is the difference between Christianity &amp; Islam? Text: This whole thing seems like it would be easy for me to say that Islam is just another religion.. but then again maybe its not really all that different from Christianity.	3.4	3.2	4.8
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this year's election, there was an extraordinary campaign against David Cameron's Conservative Party that saw the Conservative Party of Conservative Friends, an online group, receive almost 2 million messages. It is a campaign which has since become increasingly popular. The Conservative Party has a membership of approximately 15 per cent.	4	3.4	3.4
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this we have created the Flamer & Sheild Shield combo weapon. Dagger Crafting & Getting Infused : You can only 'infuse' your weapons so often, but you'll want to make a habit of it early.	3	3.4	3.6
religion	Prior to this	Prior to this writing, Hinduism or "Hinduism" was a form of philosophy based on Hinduism, taught to numerous priests, and had a great impact on Hindu society in many ways. One of these was that it encouraged community bonds and open-mindedness, and consequently the many Hindu traditions that still exist today such as Shaivism and Hatha Yoga.	3.8	3.6	4.4
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the many different kinds of religious beliefs and practices that people have in their lives. Title: What is a " functional " language? Is it just some sort of general purpose programming or can you actually use it to write programs / software? Comment: Functional languages like Haskell, and etc all work by giving each function an input string which will be converted into something else.	4	2.6	4.4
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the two major Christian doctrines (Romans 1: God's Word and Revelation) and are often contrasted with other religions (see here ). The Christian Scriptures are a Bible written in the first century and written by God, the Holy Spirit, for God (see here ). It contains the Word of God and the Bible. It contains the Church's sacred writings and the Scriptures (see here ).	4.2	2.4	4.6
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are this abstractions " of (his) multiple layers and the concept he is trying to uphold. I think one of the things I've discovered from following :3aj really well is that he always finds a way to play with terms, reduce them into their everyday uses or reinterpret them in a new light.	3.6	2.4	4.6
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are Muslim faith  Estonia has said the allegations of terrorism are "fear-mongering". The statement comes as the country is preparing for a major march on Wednesday to protest against US President Donald Trump's executive order temporarily banning citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States.	4.2	2.4	4.2
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the two most important and fundamental elements of all religions. * * TL;DR : The Bible is a book that was written by men, who believed in God as any other religion on Earth ; it's central tenet is to teach us how we should live our lives according to their teachings.	3.2	3	4.2
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the three pillars of the Islamic faith: Islam, Prophethood and Faith. The Prophet Muhammad was sent forth as the Messenger (Muhammad Faithfulness). Muhammad and the Qur'an are God's Book, and God sent Muhammad as an Apostle. He (the Prophet) died and was resurrected on the Day of Resurrection.	4.4	3	4.8
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are: (i) linear progression of powers from white heat through amber after-CGW and candle cycle to lesser strength equivalent to dark night material; (ii) continuance of progress into ink and stained glass, then worked stone out to work metal/stone/metal leather through dawn Obliteration - Complete immolation.	3.6	2.8	4.6
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are religious beliefs, and are considered to be in the vanguard of Islam. The 2006 law was criticised by rights groups who claim it is an attack on the fundamental rights of Muslims and their faith. The law, which came into effect in December 2006, came into effect as Saudi Arabia became the first country to grant women the right to drive.	3.8	3.4	5
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the two main reasons I am a Christian. Text: * The Bible is not just about Jesus Christ but all of his teachings and actions..	4.4	2.4	4.4
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the words: "God, the Creator" and "Jesus, Christ, the Lord." In Hebrew, Hebrew וְעִתְיוּה, or God the Creator; and Jesus Christ. In Roman, Roman κηρ God the Creator (God the Father and God Jesus Christ).	4.2	2.4	5
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are (1) trade union responsibilities in relation to local, (2) the role of community-based initiatives in achieving quality and effective services in their communities and (3) promoting police work that recognizes law enforcement's diversity through diverse leadership styles across cultures and demographics.	4.2	2.8	4.4
religion	Emphasised are	Emphasised are "Christian" (Western) religious views (although other denominations have also been identified, like the Roman Catholic Church and the Catholic Church in the United States). Emphasised Christians are overwhelmingly from the Christian western world, though there are also some members of non-Christian denominations (such as Hinduism).	4.4	2.8	4.6
religion	To summarise	To summarise it all for the sake of brevity : A large portion of modern society is based on a belief in god,. and that religion should be accepted as fact by everyone ( i.e. ) If you're not religious then this might seem like an odd thing to say but I'm sure most people would agree with me when i said these things are true..?	3.8	2	4.4
religion	To summarise	To summarise the main points of the book. The world is a vast Universe. There is no God. God is God.	3.2	2	4.4
religion	To summarise	To summarise: most of the new releases are overall good - and quite fun if you've played Knytt Underground or Victoria II before - but true greatness awaits, such as Beyond Eyes and The Path to Carcosa which could really elevate an otherwise middling-looking shooter such as Special Forces.	3.4	2	3.8
religion	To summarise	To summarise  Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance, a religion of peace  In the run-up to the attack on September 11 2001, Rupert Murdoch claimed that "some in Britain are simply moving away from the faith that God is love and friend."	3.4	2	4.6
religion	To summarise	To summarise, the world is a very big place. There are many different things that happen in this large world and there's not just one thing happening at any given moment. Title: How does a computer know what to do when it runs out of memory? Text: I'm trying to learn how computers work but they seem so complicated sometimes..	4.4	3	3.8
religion	To summarise	To summarise, the US is not going to be able to control its own borders without a military intervention. That means it will need to create its own border patrol force, as well as a new system of electronic surveillance to help the police. This means that the US government must have its own intelligence agency, and the NSA must be reined in.	4.6	3.6	3.8
religion	To summarise	To summarise I'd say: a good, crisp cup of well-cooked, thin brew with none overbearing or malty spiciness. Eventually my mum sent us off to our auntie's for Thanksgiving! Before digging in, I wanted to share something else that can impact upon all these flavours: where do you get your spice from? Well that question is finally answered.	4.2	3	5
religion	To summarise	To summarise. The nazi movement's origins are as follows: Nazis were a conspiracy by various conspiracy theorists to control the world through immigration. As there is no evidence at all of the Nazis establishing any general policy of controlling the world through immigration from other countries, therefore the existence of a German Nazi movement is open to question.	4.2	3	4.6
religion	To summarise	To summarise it in a nutshell : we have no idea how life started, and so far as we can tell there isn't any evidence for the big bang or anything like that would explain why everything was here. Title: Why do some people get headaches when they are tired?	3	2.6	3.2
religion	To summarise	To summarise, there's a lot of information we can glean from the Bible that can't be found in any other Bible (1 Tim. 3:16; 2 Tim. 1:16; 1 Thess.	4.4	2.8	4
religion	To summarise	To summarise: A stillborn baby, or one who is presumed to be a fetus and with very little information to go on. However, as more data becomes available we should expect that this number will gradually rise as the pregnancy progresses.	3.4	2.6	3.4
religion	To summarise	To summarise the history of Christianity, a "religion of peace", says an anti-war group. The so-called Christian Defence League (CDL) has called for an end to 'the excessive use of military force'. The founder of the movement, Thomas Rees, said a large number of Britons have taken up arms to defend the country from Islamic radicals.	3.8	2.6	4.6
religion	The relationship	The relationship between the two is one of mutual respect and admiration. Title: Why do some people have " white teeth? " Text: I'm a redditor- so, my friend has this thing where he's teeth are whiter than others ( his parents ) but not as much as other people with same ethnicity / race. So why does it happen to him?	2.8	3	3.6
religion	The relationship	The relationship between the United Nations and the Vatican has grown increasingly hostile in the past two decades. The Holy See is now accused of having an anti-Christian agenda and is being accused of being a "Catholic Church." But Pope Benedict XVI has been the Holy Father for over a century. What are his views on homosexuality and homosexuality?	3.8	3	3.8
religion	The relationship	The relationship between philosophy and religion was to bring both new ideas and the call for courage on the part of thinkers as they grappled with questions that had haunted philosophical thought throughout history. Language: 6 Words:   Samuel Alexander Phelps in 'George Berkeley - a Life in Two Persons'.	2.6	3	4.6
religion	The relationship	The relationship between religion and extremism? Alfred Brummell argues in British Journal of Social Work that there is no conflict between religion and extremism:  If there were any good explanation for the phenomenon, it is not found in religion; rather it is found in extremism. Not merely do extremists differ from those who practise moderate or reformed religion, but they are also more extreme.	4.2	3	4.6
religion	The relationship	The relationship between religion and science is a delicate one. Science has been able to probe into the nature of matter, but it's still not clear how much we can know about our universe without god or gods in there. Comment: I'm an atheist ( * EDIT : ELI5 why don't people believe that all religions are true? )	3.8	3	3.6
religion	The relationship	The relationship between a mother and baby is one of the most fundamental, yet most often neglected relationships in the Catholic Church. In the Catholic Church, it is not only God and Christ who give us life, it is the Holy Spirit. God is the Lord God Jesus Christ Himself; He is God Himself. Jesus Christ is God's Son who God sent to God Himself as our God.	4.4	3	4.8
religion	The relationship	The relationship between her and Usagi may also have taken some unexpected twists. Marvel's announcement stated that animation studio TMS Entertainment will reteam with director Satoshi Kon on a new version of Princess Mononoke, which should take inspiration from the original 1975 film starring Ayako Kawasumi.	3	2.6	3
religion	The relationship	The relationship of religion and race  Aon.org's opinion. The religion of many Christian and Muslim nations may be at odds with Islamic law and practice, but the Jews have for many centuries welcomed their Hebrew prophet with open arms, joining him in Jerusalem at his first Passover.	3.2	2.8	4.6
religion	The relationship	The relationship between religion and the state is a delicate balance that has been torn by both sides in recent years. Score: 7   Title: A question about atheism from my sister who was raised catholic but now an atheist. What do you guys think of atheists? Text: My mom always told me to not be afraid or try to convert people because she didn't want her daughter to get brainwashed like I did.	4	2.6	4.8
religion	The relationship	The relationship between the U.S. and Cuba, and the Cuban-American community, is the most important relationship between the Americas since the days of the French Revolution. We are a people who believe that the American God is One God. We are a people of love. This is a message for all Cubans who love God.	4	2.6	4.2
religion	The relationship	The relationship between a mother and child mirrors that between an old, senile husband and a young woman who has lost her innocence. "The owner of the Jews is Mother Russia" is the thesis which defines this film: to be productive through art cannot but act as if the viewer will themselves have to make history - changing everything before them by her hand.	3.4	2.4	4.6
religion	The relationship	The relationship between religion and politics. By Stuart Sweet  By George F. Will  Hardcover, 200 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How? No one has ever tried to persuade a Protestant to support Catholic doctrine and practice.	3.4	2.4	4.4
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, it was an interesting and original idea that I had never seen before. Score: 10   Title: My Favorite Atheist Quote of All Time - The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins   Text: "The god delusion is a belief in the existence or non-existence of any deity whatsoever. It has been said many times before but this time its so true i think you should read it. "	4.4	2	4.6
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, he is the man who was once Jesus Christ. He died on Calvary (Mark 13; Luke 22), but was resurrected from Jesus Christ (Rom. 3-6; 1 Cor. 15), Jesus Christ the Messiah Jesus Christ.	4.4	2	4.6
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, since this process of verbalization ends up isolating the self from its affective and motivational aspects (which are "primal" instincts) it essentially converts them into abstractions. This in turn results in becoming inward-focused: dead because the voice has closed its interlocutors off from themselves, merely substituting neutral sentiments for vital emotions.	4.4	2	4
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, the worship of Islam is to be explained. The Economist's Michael Martin wrote:  For many Britons who were brought up believing that all religions were compatible, this was a false belief. It has taken in the extremist Islam of our increasingly violent leaders, and it has made impossible the peaceful ways of ordinary Muslims.	4.2	2	4.4
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, it is not a religion and does not have any official status. Score: 7   Title: I just don't understand how people can be so stupid sometimes. Text: So my mom always talks about her catholic faith but she also says that she doesn't believe in god or jesus christ because of all the bad things happening to them now days.	3.6	3	4
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, though, there's a sense of hope. "I feel that the Lord Christ is going to be God. We are going to be God. He's going to come again, he's going to come again, he's going to come again.	3.2	2.6	4.2
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, in addition to providing access to international fibre optic networks and raising the level of connectivity within Rwanda, Marrusa is leading up a massive scheme that will incorporate almost every village over the next few years by connecting them all together into an internet hotspot making there entirely feasible for anyone from any age group.	3.8	3.2	4.2
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, a religion that now denies such a status, as the Hindu Prime Minister Sushil Koirala has termed it as an anti-national act. Koirala has led a large section of his followers to voice their views on "Hindu fundamentalism", which is also viewed as anti-national in nature. What is Hindu fundamentalism?	3.4	2.8	4.8
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, how do you feel about the way they have handled this situation? Score: 6   Title: My dad is a Christian and he thinks I am going to hell. Text: I'm an atheist but my father has been very religious his whole life. He believes in god and that everyone will go to hell for not believing in god.	4	4.2	4.2
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, they have an amazing collection of beautiful books, and the Bible. You will love the Bible. The Bible is God's Holy Word. God created it and the Bible is God's Holy Word.	4.4	4.4	4.6
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, however, "there are significant incentives for private individuals and companies to develop software that can recognize people involved in an event more closely than traditional systems." About this time next year it might be possible for someone without substantial computing abilities or knowledge of Mandarin to track down the life story of "Lady Gaga," Shen said.	3	4.2	3
religion	More importantly,	More importantly, the Church of Scientology (CST) a worldwide Christian cult is not a true religion and is a corrupt organisation. As explained in these pages, CST is one of the world's most dangerous and violent cults which was established in 1954 in the US state of Utah by prominent Scientologist, Ron Hubbard. CST is a cult which spreads its teachings across the globe.	4.4	4.4	4.2
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that the more people are exposed to a certain religion, the less likely they are to support it. Title: Why do some animals have fur? Text: I've seen pictures of dogs with long hair and other creatures who had fur but yet most birds etc have feathers on their heads or wings ect why does this happen?	4	2.6	3.6
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that a single person may have up to three different kinds of memory. But what is it that makes a person different and why is it called different? The answer can be found in the word "diversity". Diversity is the difference in individuals that are different from each other and not in any way related to how they are related or similar.	4.4	3.2	3.4
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that supplementation of 100 mg/kg body weight of ATV4 enriched by the molecular assembly platform Type Two (ATV-IT) protein (ATV-2) increases the density and ATPase activity in animal striata. Furthermore, striatopallidal synapses become bigger and more stable in fast twitch muscle fibers compared to slow twitch fibers.	4	2.6	3.6
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that religion is wrong or sometimes wrong. The Bradford University poll shows that while most people in this country agree there is a problem with the church, the large majority of people in Britain believe that God is only a message of encouragement, not an authority.	4	2.6	4.4
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that the people who are more religious tend to be less materialistic and have higher levels of spirituality than those who are not religious. Score: 6   Title: My first encounter with a christian   Text: I was at my friend's house for dinner when he asked me if i believed in god. I said no because it is against my beliefs but after saying yes then we got into some conversation about different things.	4.2	3	4.6
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that the ability to make an animal do something is a fundamental part of evolution. It is said that the first animals were the ancestors of modern birds. They were also the ancestors of all other animals. They were also the ancestors of many other forms of living things, from fish to dinosaurs.	4.4	2.4	3.6
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that lactase (AND) and the size of an infant's tonsils are positively associated with his or her probability of being a gay parent. So, if both parents are resistant to traditional treatment, such as early talk therapy and surprise treatments like conversion therapy, it may be necessary to adopt only candidates who can work around these obstacles. 8.	3.8	2.6	4.8
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that Christianity is linked to the protestant cause of Christianity, but it is a much less contentious issue to address (this includes her work, religion, life and death of her dog). Early 'Medicine' women such as Hippocrates and others believed that the symptoms of rheumatism or other diseases could be treated by the administration of herbs.	3.6	2.4	4.8
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that the majority of people do not believe in a god and most religious people are irreligious. Comment: I'm an atheist, but my father is very devout Catholic. He's always had this problem with me being gay because he said it was against his religion to be homosexual or bi sexual so we didn't talk about anything like that anymore after i told him about how i felt about it.	3.8	3	4.4
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that the presence of a particular type of brain in your brain (the neocortex) affects how you perceive your environment. For example, people who perceive reality as a higher power tend to perceive reality as a God, God, God. God is the only God; God is God and he has power over the universe. This belief in God has its origins in Christian doctrine.	4.4	3	4.2
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that central melanocyte in adult rat retina are also activated and secrete high levels of calreticulin. [2]  Phase 2: Reestablishment and Integration Into Transepidermal Lengthening Cycle  Maintenance for ~ 5 days to support breakdown in ligands synthesis.	3.8	3	3.8
religion	It has been shown	It has been shown that not all religions are different from each other, like Buddhism and Islam, or their believers and followers are the same. It's been shown that both Christianity and Islam make more sense to me than it is to other people, and I don't think it's any surprise that so many Muslims reject the Christian God. However, the conflict between Islam and Christianity is nothing new.	3.6	3.6	4.6
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the role of religion in politics and how it can affect a person as they make their decision to become an atheist or religious person. * How do you feel about being able to choose your own religion? I think it's important for people to be free from any kind of pressure that is put upon them by religion. This Is A Very Important Issue To Discuss In Public And With Friends Family....	3.2	3.2	3.6
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the use of an old-fashioned, old-world approach to religion when it came to the church of Jesus Christ. "This is not about religious liberty; this is about religious freedom and the First Amendment," Mr. Bush said at the White House. "I am not going to tell a religious leader who he can or cannot worship," Mr. Bush continued.	3.8	3.2	4
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on whether the administration would seek to withdraw about 20,000 troops who have been training and advising Iraqi security forces and advancing the fight against Islamic State militants. Obama has led his administration with an enlarged war powers regarding Afghanistan, then tried to hide his legacy as less than beloved leader when handling other issues such as global warming policy or intransigent immigration policies.	3.4	2.6	3.8
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on corruption and casteism. It is a matter of national political and religious significance. Saddha Kumar, Shree Sena's foreign affairs minister, said the issue related to a local government body in Uttar Pradesh. "This government has been taken over by a local and a religious group," she said.	3.2	2.6	4.2
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the rights of a minority religion to practice their beliefs in public and how this would affect other religions as well. * A student at my university was told by his professor that he had been suspended for not following the rules and regulations regarding religious activities. He then went into another room with his teacher who said she didn't care what happened to him. She just wanted him back.	3.8	3.4	5
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on two issues on Saturday: Whether the U.S. should send arms to Syrian rebels. Whether it should send U.S. forces to Iraq. President Barack Obama is scheduled to announce Saturday that he has decided not to send more U.S. troops to Iraq in response to Islamic State militant attacks.	3.4	3.2	3.8
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on whether and how Congress should allow businesses that buy manufactured goods from China to export them back into the United States. When she voted down the measure, Pelosi's comments put her at odds with 50 fellow Democrats. Don't Be Stupid About Voting "Yea" A crucial vote for Jaywalking!	3.6	3.8	3.8
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the church's history of atheism, and how religion, and other religious institutions, affect the status of LGBT people. Read more  A statement of "regret" from Britain's Archbishop of Canterbury George Carey said the government's decision to allow gay and lesbian couples to marry in September was "not based on a clear understanding of religious freedom and equality for all."	4	3.8	4.8
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the definition of marriage as a union between one man and one woman. Score: 7   Title: I am an atheist who is currently in a relationship with my girlfriend. She doesn't believe in god. What should i do to keep her happy?	3.6	3	4.2
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the "right" answer to the question:  "What is the definition of Christ? Christ is God, Jesus Christ the Son of God, born of God Jesus Christ the Son of God. He is God, Jesus Christ the Savior Jesus Christ."	3.8	2.4	4.6
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on how far executive branch regulation of broadband providers can go and whether the court should take up a challenge to some government actions that critics say unfairly favor big Internet providers. Dissenting with the Court's deliberative process, right-wing Breyer went online for 90 minutes before siding with his liberal colleagues.	3.4	3.2	4
religion	The issue focused on	The issue focused on faith and ethnicity, they said. The law, a 2013 government policy, stipulates that "Anecdotal reports that [Muslims] become more devout after embracing certain Islamic religious rites or practices" must be examined.	3.4	3	4
religion	In this essay	In this essay I am going to try and explain how the world of economics works in a way that is easy for people who have no knowledge on it. Title: How do we know if there are other planets out? Text: We've been looking at stars, but what makes us think they're all like our planet or something else?	3.4	2.4	3.4
religion	In this essay	In this essay, I examine how a number of modern Western cultures were influenced by Christianity. In particular, Christian theology influenced Christian culture in Western Europe. Christianity also influences Judaism in many ways. Christianity also influences Judaism in many ways.	3.6	2.4	4.8
religion	In this essay	In this essay we will recapitulate all prior sources on the history of Buddhism and from there draw our conclusions concerning its development and its very subject matter. "Purity of Heart"- Period 5-4 B.C., Beliefs Description Leading to the Origin : Early Pagan idolatry preoccupied Buddhists with Buddhist temples as their primary center, but by B.C.	4	2.6	4.4
religion	In this essay	In this essay, the religion of atheism: comes from or is based on Christianity.	4	2.6	4.2
religion	In this essay	In this essay he talks about the death of his wife and how she died while giving birth to their first child. Comment: I'm not a religious person, but there's something in it that makes me think people don't believe is because they're afraid of dying or being alone. It seems like you can get into some really deep shit without actually believing any of it at all.	3.8	2	5
religion	In this essay	In this essay, a reader questions whether the church can be a source of truth. It's a question that has been asked by many Christians in recent years. It's been said that Jesus Christ is God, and that the Bible is God's Word.	4	3	5
religion	In this essay	In this essay Mary also spoke of the miraculous powers granted to her by Jesus Himself through the action of the Holy Spirit. Understanding which can return at once to immediate questions: Why are young black people routinely shot dead? Why do most Americans attend church only sporadically? Why do high school graduation rates hover near their lowest point since 1973?	3.8	2	5
religion	In this essay	In this essay, the left-wing  history of being equal to the other nations  Britain, on 14 April 2016, became the 47th state in the union to provide universal childcare. This means it will not provide a subsidised system of provision, but can provide nurseries for all with shared early-year and maternity leave.	4.2	3	4
religion	In this essay	In this essay I will try to explain why the idea of a god is not only stupid but also offensive and unscientific. Score: 6   Title: A question for r/atheism   Text: So my friend just told me that he has been going on about how people who believe in religion are all dumb because they don't know any better. This was his argument so as to prove himself right.	3.8	2.6	4.4
religion	In this essay	In this essay, I discuss an example of the "Moral of St. Benedict", and the meaning of the Mass. The moral of St. Benedict's Church is the Church's worship of God, of Christ, and Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ our Lord God God God Jesus Christ. It is also a Christian religion.	3.4	3	4.4
religion	In this essay	In this essay by Professor Gregory Taylor has proven the existence of odd properties that cause micropropagation of individuals connected to photons in the Bell inequality which proved before anything around it. Peploe mass fiber amplifiers with equalization thresholds detected spectra. Multiple path-lengths get examined into similar parameters, like a condenser modulating infinitely fast oscillator (difference frequency).	3.2	2.6	3.6
religion	In this essay	In this essay, the religion of Islam, the religion of Judaism, or the religion of Hinduism. Some Muslims are questioning whether the term "Islam" in the official English-language versions of these countries is a proper and precise translation of "Islamist". They argue that this has led some to forget the religion of their ancestors and to confuse that religion with any other.	4.2	3.2	4.6
science	In summary	In summary   Score: 7     Title: How to make a'superconducting' magnet - The magnets used in the new experiments are made of superconducting material that has been cooled below absolute zero. It is believed this could be possible because the electrons can move freely through it.	3.8	2.6	4.8
science	In summary	In summary:  The average cost is $2,000 per year, and there are many different kinds of insurance plans available. There is no minimum benefit requirement. There is no maximum annual premium. There are no limits on the number of beneficiaries.	4	2.6	4.8
science	In summary	In summary Linux can be used to automate almost anything using command line tools. In the next part of this tutorial we will describe how you can set up an automated Docker deployment on RHEL 7 to create an application server in just one click, powered by CentOS containers (RHEL7).	3.4	3.2	3.4
science	In summary	In summary, academic scientist and career researcher, an academic researcher who conducted fieldwork with the Palestinian Authority, reported in the scientific journal Nature last year that the UN works "with great reluctance and obstruction" to claim funding for research projects under the region's human rights law.	4	2.8	3.6
science	In summary	In summary the average person is not a better or worse than any other person. Score: 8     Title: A new study suggests that there are more people who have been diagnosed with schizophrenia in their lifetime than previously thought. The researchers say this finding could help to explain why some individuals continue to struggle for years after being diagnosed.	4.2	3.2	4.4
science	In summary	In summary: A study finds that a combination of dietary protein, iron, fat, and carbohydrate may help prevent and treat Alzheimer's disease. A link to an experimental animal model of Alzheimer's has been suggested to explain the mechanism in vivo research. The research is described in the January 11 issue of Cell Press science journal Cell Biology & Genetics.	4.2	3	4.4
science	In summary	In summary Computer vision research can help define new ways of capturing, recognizing and representing human experience. What, specifically do we look for? How might that information be used in our robots? How can it lead to better systems using deep learning and other machine learning techniques.	4.6	3	3.8
science	In summary	In summary, neuroscience researcher Paul Ehrlich, medical professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who has led the creation of the widely-used blood test for atherosclerosis. I recently wrote an article on Ehrlich's work entitled "Blood Tests for the Atherosclerosis Pathology" on my blog.	3.8	2.4	3.8
science	In summary	In summary   Title: Scientists have found that the human brain is not as efficient at processing information as previously thought - even though it processes more than a million bits of data per second. This could mean we are losing our ability to understand how and why things work in reality. The findings will be published on Thursday in Nature.	3.2	3.6	4
science	In summary	In summary, the study of human genetics shows that most individuals are genetically predisposed to develop disorders of metabolism (ie. metabolic syndrome and metabolic disorders are strongly associated) and that the majority of these genetic predispositions are not inherited, and that most genetic variants are common but rare. This review provides the first systematic review and synthesis of the genetic basis of phenotypes associated with metabolic syndrome and metabolic disorders.	3	3.8	4.8
science	In summary	In summary Linux Mint 17.3 Cinnamon Edition is a huge release with lots of great improvements and new features. New in this version: new GPG and PGP frontends for login; X-based Calendar application; fixed various software/translations problems, usability issues,...   Read the full changelog here.	4	3.2	4
science	In summary	In summary, scientist and neuroscientist M. Frank Ahlquist has been studying how our brains control the expression of brain chemicals called brain chemicals, such as dopamine and serotonin. This is a field that includes such things as perception, memory, attention, and learning. As this kind of study goes on, Ahlquist's team will likely be able to better understand how the brain works.	4.4	3.2	4.2
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the idea that there are no universal laws of physics and why this is a very important concept. Score: 6     Title: A new study suggests that even though our brains have evolved to be able to make sense out of seemingly random events, they can still learn from experience by making predictions about what will happen next.	3	2.6	4.8
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the history and evolution of the human brain. The theory is based on the theory of evolution (from Darwin). Introduction  Human brains evolve slowly in their evolution. Evolutionary biologists estimate that the human brain evolved to have about 200 million cells, with only 10 million genes (1).	3.6	2.8	4.2
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses Linux desktop design with Lubuntu and Ubuntu. My interests are mainly in desktop user interfaces (desktop environments) and I've been experimenting with low-level system programming for the past 3 years now, so it would be an honor to discuss these topics here, because there is a big community of those that do use Linux on their desktops and workstation (really all mobile devices).	2.8	2.8	4.8
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses a scientist, whose research in the university-based life sciences has been underway for years. The idea is to "predict" that future life on Earth will be radically different from that on Earth. The goal is to create a space machine that could launch the first human colonists, and eventually the entire human race.	4.2	2.2	4.2
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the importance of a good understanding of how humans evolved to be able to process information in their environment and make decisions based on it. Score: 6     Title: New study shows that there are more than 100 species of bacteria living inside our bodies. These tiny organisms can cause serious infections if not properly cared for - but new research suggests they may also play an important role in human health.	4	2.8	4.4
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the relationship with the Church. 1. Acknowledgment of the Church: the relationship  There is nothing unique about the Church, and there is nothing that is unique about its membership, or about its teachings and practices. The following list is a summary of the many Church teachings and practices of every religion.	4.2	3	3.8
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses Linux security vulnerabilities and the problems related to they design, how they are fixed (or not), and vulnerabilities in them found. Security tools that simply mitigate mistakes by generating appropriate certifications to reach a target certification level will likely be powerless against most malicious attacks on software used for business critical applications, including but not limited to core currencies such as Bitcoin.	4.4	3	4.2
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses a scientist who has been scientist. However, this is not a formal scientific study at all: it is a standard work of the scientific method by which such studies should be carried out. This is due to the fact that the actual science is a work in progress. The observations of earlier studies and the results of those earlier studies are influenced by very personal factors, e.g.	4.6	2.4	4.4
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses the first time a group of scientists has observed and measured gravitational waves from black holes in action. Score: 10     Flair: Medicine   Title: A new study finds that patients who have undergone chemotherapy for cancer may benefit more than those who did not undergo treatment. The results are published online today by Nature Medicine.	3.8	2.2	4.8
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses what I mean by social science research on the subject. For a more general overview of social science research on the topic, see my book Social Science Research on the Psychology of Religion: What research is there?. I will also be providing references and other sources for some research, and provide links to articles in other social science research journals.	3.8	2.6	4.4
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses Linux desktop use cases, as well as Linux and low-cost machines. I also discuss what's likely to happen in the future for hardware, software, and operating systems on the x86. Today I have an Intel Core i3 3rd Gen 20Ghz 11GB system which is running with 16GB Ram with Google Chrome (version 29).	4	2.4	3.8
science	This essay discusses	This essay discusses a medical physicist. Medical scientist Matthew Barris, who has recently contributed to the journal Science, says that his work in this area of medicine has made an enormous impact. "It's gotten to the point where I can't think of many people in our country who are more interested in science in this area than I am," he says.	3.6	3.2	4.4
science	Views on	Views on the 2012 presidential election   Score: 6     Title: New study shows that if you are a woman in your early 30s, having kids later will be more difficult than women who have had children earlier in their lives. The reasons for this difference aren't clear, but it could stem from biological differences between men and women.	4.2	2.2	3.2
science	Views on	Views on this issue are divided. On this issue, it is difficult to determine whether the law was applied fairly in the case. The Court, however, does have some discretion to determine whether to apply the law. The question for decision is whether it does or does not affect the validity of a law.	3.8	2	4.8
science	Views on	Views on Internet Explorer 11 / Edge have been reported to be buggy in certain ways, and the Developer Preview of Windows 10 is still more stable than either IE10 or Firefox 14. Both Microsoft's Edge browser extension from last year that the company supports with a new update has seen some improvements but also bugs and crashes.	4.2	2.2	4
science	Views on	Views on private investigator  "authoritative" science scientist, David Griffiths, who is Professor of Medicine at the University of Melbourne and a Senior Fellow at the Royal Society of Medicine, said that the study was likely to be controversial in Australia. "Most scientists don't consider that these findings should be considered newsworthy.	4	3.6	4
science	Views on	Views on the Bible   Score: 6     Title: Scientists have discovered a new species of bacteria that can survive in space for up to three months and is able to grow by eating other bacteria. The microbe has been named after Russian cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin, who was killed during his flight into space.	3.4	3.6	4.6
science	Views on	Views on the issue vary widely, from the view that the science doesn't matter to the view that climate science matters. (AP Science/NASA Goddard Climate Change Working Group)  Climate scientists agree climate science is a real threat, but they disagree on when. There are climate scientists and climate scientists disagree. "Climate science isn't real science," former NASA climate scientist James Hansen says.	3.4	3.6	4.6
science	Views on	Views on Internet Explorer are capped at 480 pixels wide and therefore they are unable to fit the full image size of the browser. If you're still seeing a page filled with opaque black blocks, then your browser is perhaps not using all available resources. What should we do about this?	3.8	3.6	4.4
science	Views on	Views on former FBI official (published in academic research) - he said he was part of a group of around 400 scientists and engineers who formed a group in 2011 to run the world's most powerful computer network. The group, known as the Sandia Group, developed the world's fastest and most powerful computer network known as the Sandia Supercomputing Center (SCC), according to John P.	4	2.8	4.4
science	Views on	Views on the Value of Research   Score: 7     Title: A new study suggests that people who are overweight have a higher risk for developing Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia. The findings may help explain why obesity is associated with lower life expectancy in older adults.	3.6	4.2	4.8
science	Views on	Views on climate change are changing rapidly, but most people are not paying enough attention. We need to make climate change more visible and relevant and to reduce carbon pollution from burning fossil fossil fuels. This paper uses global climate models to explore the effect of anthropogenic climate change on climate variability, the climate sensitivity of temperature, and the sensitivity of solar energy to climate warming.	3.4	4.2	4.8
science	Views on	Views on Internet Use Among U.S. Adults  Individuals Over All Viewed the Net Using Mobile Phones Compared to Cellular Phone Users A national telephone survey of 1,508 adults aged 18 and older conducted in January 2013 revealed that mobile phone use had surpassed their use for landline telephones (1).	3.4	4.2	5
science	Views on	Views on David Attenborough University researcher. Professor Attenborough has raised millions in funds to build his chalet in the Alps - which could go on sale by the end of this month.	4.4	3.6	4.8
science	The connection	The connection between the brain and the body is a complex network of neurons that enables us to move our bodies in ways we cannot with just our hands. Score: 6     Title: Researchers have discovered an entirely new class of antibiotics, called “super-bacteria, which kill bacteria by eating their own DNA instead of attacking them directly. They are able to do this because they can infect other cells without harming them.	3.4	2.8	4.4
science	The connection	The connection between the human body and the environment is complex. In addition to environmental factors, human behavior influences environmental parameters such as temperature, oxygenation and humidity. These are all important environmental factors and can influence how organisms cope with the environmental conditions. Temperature  Temperature plays a significant role in the health of organisms in climate change.	4	3	4.6
science	The connection	The connection between viruses and Alzheimer's disease is surprisingly weak (something some say suggests that this association may be due to confounding variables such as gene variants), but if a virus can cause the cognitive decline of Alzheimer's, it could possibly offer important clues to what causes or triggers the disorder.	2.8	3.2	4.2
science	The connection	The connection of expert scientist, molecular biologist Professor Christopher Fuchs. The international charity, Unicef, says the story is an inspiring one. Prof. Fuchs is helping to raise the funds to pay for his second cycle of research and to develop an educational system for next year's school age children.	4	3	4.2
science	The connection	The connection between the two is so strong that they can be used to make a computer faster than any other machine in history. Score: 6     Title: A new study shows how much more complex life may have been on Earth before it started evolving into modern forms of life.	3.4	3	5
science	The connection	The connection between the two groups was not a straightforward one. "We have a very high level of confidence about the correlation between the two groups, and we can rule out a lot of hypotheses," he said. "But this has some important implications for the field of climate science." The researchers used climate model simulations of the climate system to calculate the climate system response to greenhouse-gas emissions.	4.2	3	5
science	The connection	The connection between computing and biology is now so fundamental that researchers can get bogged down in trying to produce realistic images of living things. With the help of a biologist, it might be possible for people to visualize some distant tree's mighty branches and leaves—without encountering the plant itself.	4	3	4.4
science	The connection	The connection to computer scientist and former academic scientist, who has worked with the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. In August 2012, Mokyr (who goes by the nom de guerre of Casey) created a new model of a time-locked computer called the RKP, which would release its power upon activation.	3.2	3.4	3.6
science	The connection	The connection between the two is still not fully understood, but it could be a possible explanation for why our bodies are able to heal themselves when injured by an infectious agent. Score: 12     Flair: Psychology   Title: When people hear about their own mortality they become more likely to make decisions that will help them avoid future mortality, according to new research published in Psychological Science.	4	3.6	4.8
science	The connection	The connection between the internet and the Internet of Things is a key issue. As a result, many of us are using connected devices and services as part of our home and personal lives. This includes the smart home, the smart kitchen, the smart fridge, and the smart laundry. But, how can we know when a device is connected to the internet and when it is not?	4.2	3.8	3
science	The connection	The connection between viruses and cancer is complex, but one thing scientists have determined for certain is that an infectious virus can become a tumor. For this reason, taking anti-viral drugs during treatment may slow or even stop your body's natural immune response to cancer cells.	4.4	3.4	4
science	The connection	The connection from professional scientist, whose research group has been studying Arctic wildlife for a decade. The most recent results came in February, after analyzing a global region known as the Trans-Arctic Current.	4.2	2.6	4.2
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the concept of a "global warming equilibrium". This means that if you increase CO2 concentration in our atmosphere by one part per million (ppm), we will continue to experience warming. Score: 6     Title: The most important question about evolution is, "What are living things made of?" - Richard Dawkins   Text: I think it's worth noting that there have been many studies on how life came into being.	3.8	2.6	4.4
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is that the human mind cannot be divided into two. The brain is a single organism; all of our functions are coordinated into one organism, which we call brain. We are made in an organism, we can learn and do things, we communicate and we control things. Our body, cells are made up of chemical and cellular matter and we can control these matter chemical processes.	4.2	2.6	4.4
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is Photoreceptor Gene One (PDGIE), which encodes a photoreceptor precursor protein that recruits EGFR into the retinal tissue and drives the later development of large eyes. (When we see an object, our eye tissue first detects it by detecting light waves produced by cell activity in its iris.)	4	2.6	4.4
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is scientists, medical researcher. Author of Dr. Thomas Valenzuela's book on the field of Rheumatology, I decided to follow up on some of the comments that had been published earlier. I checked out other papers in that series as well and a few people were wondering how I could help in any way.	3.2	3.4	3.2
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the fact that the rate of mutation in a population can be affected by environmental factors. Score: 6     Title: A new study has found that people with high levels of stress have higher rates of heart disease and diabetes, as well as an increased risk for cancer later on down the line. Stress may also affect brain function, according to scientists who studied mice whose stressed out brains were exposed to stressful situations.	3.8	3.8	3.8
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the way we use computers to create information. A computer is a machine that uses a computer system to do something. A computer can do many things. It can do science, engineering, math, or any of the many different sciences.	4.4	4.2	4
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is RFID technology which stores data in unique microchips, and may be able to read some of that information. This comes with the caveat that it has been demonstrated they can't always do a device accurate enough for being portable even though 5G will give phones better range.	4.2	4.2	3.2
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is University of Applied Sciences member scientist Lietth Holland, who presented his findings at the 33rd International Joint European Conference on Semantics and Acoustics (IJECA 2014) held at Trondheim, Norway, in February 2014. The conference was sponsored by The Hague (The Netherlands) University.	4.4	2.8	2.8
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is the fact that the brain has a strong preference for certain types of music. Score: 25     Flair: Neuroscience   Title: Brain scans show how music affects us in real life - A new study published online March 11 in Nature Neuroscience1 shows how our brains react when we listen to music, and suggests ways it might be used as an aid in treating disorders such as depression or post-traumatic stress disorder.	4.4	2	4.2
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is our ability to understand the biological systems and the biochemistry of a species, the biology of a plant. Biology: What are the basic elements of biology? Biotechnology: How are the elements of science different from biology? The Biology of Plants: Biology of plants, how to read the biology of plants.	4.4	2.8	4
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is WebAssembly, a standardized subset of HTML5 and JavaScript that's used by browsers across the web today. It will soon allow both apps and games to run in the browser instead of requiring servers for such functionality as play or save state. How does WebAssembly work?	4.2	2.2	3.8
science	Foundational to this is	Foundational to this is journalist and author of human-computer interaction (HCI) researcher. Dr. Bruce Kesselman, chief scientist at AMD, joined this panel to discuss what these innovations mean for the future of AI. If you are watching this from home you can expect a lot of graphics from this blog post, but in reality it is quite comprehensive.	3.8	2.6	4
science	To review,	To review, and make decisions on the best way to use this new technology. Score: 7     Flair: Neuroscience   Title: Brain scans reveal how our brains work as we age - The findings could help explain why people who are more physically active in their 20s tend to have shorter lives than those whose bodies remain sedentary into old age.	3.4	2.6	4.2
science	To review,	To review, the first thing to note about an article about the history of science is how the subject has been researched and written (see the article Science as science journalism). This is a good thing, since science is a process that is not subject to peer review. If science were subject to peer review, it would be science journalism. But what if science journalism were subject to peer review?	3.8	2.4	4.6
science	To review,	To review, Windows XP users have had to pay for this software since July 2009 when the OEMs stopped providing it. However, Microsoft still issues security updates at no cost to people who own the OS and an official statement from November 2015 says that "making them free will require a change in policy."	4.6	2.4	3.6
science	To review,	To review, Dr. Kenneth B. Biophysicist, who has conducted research on both behavioral and cognitive abilities, wrote in The New York Times that the testing of chimpanzees and other mammals on human subjects -- particularly those with learning disabilities and mental disorders -- shows that they are equally or more intelligent than most humans.	3.4	3	4.6
science	To review,	To review, and make sure they are not just throwing out a bunch of numbers to get it over with. Score: 6     Title: The first ever video from the Hubble Space Telescope shows how stars form in clouds - even when they're far away   Score: 8     Title: Researchers have discovered that while people can learn new skills with practice, there is no evidence that learning by rote improves performance on any task.	2.6	3.4	4.8
science	To review,	To review, I have been playing the game of "how many people do you need?" for a while now. The problem is, you're not doing any actual science with data. You're looking at the data, and you're asking questions about data science and data science science design science.	3.2	3.8	4.8
science	To review,	To review, Windows 10 Anniversary Update also comes with a new Fast Startup feature which lets the computer restarts in as little as 60 seconds from powered on or idle while automatically freeing resources and conserving battery life. (Actually no one can say this issue has been solved with Windows 10 Anniversary Update yet.)	3.8	3.8	3.8
science	To review,	To review, academic research scientist is president of an international laboratory. He wrote in an email:  Bacteria are growing in the guts of all sorts of species, from the ancient shrimp to the spectacular sauropod. We need to be able to study them, but we have little chance.	3	3.4	3.8
science	To review,	To review, I think that there is a lot of misinformation out there, and it's time to debunk it. Score: 9     Title: How can you get the most bang for your buck when it comes to space travel? Text: If we were able to build an interstellar spaceship at this point, how would it be possible to make such a thing cheaper than any other form of transportation?	3.4	2.4	4.4
science	To review,	To review, this study examined associations between the prevalence of overweight and diabetes in a population-based sample of US adults. We assessed the association between BMI data, including weight data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Data System, using data collected using data from the National Food Data System. The data were analyzed using multiple linear regression models with covariate variables and the data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Data System.	3.8	2.8	4.8
science	To review,	To review, Windows Store apps are created by developers who pay Microsoft an estimated 70 percent or more of what they earn from the app's sale. Microsoft has attracted over 100 million users to the Windows Store since its inception in August 2015. There are currently 8,000 free and paid apps available in the store as well as 200 paid applications which earn money if their users use them.	3.8	2.4	4.2
science	To review,	To review, academic researcher Dr. Allan R. Moore of academic research has spent his career working in the field of counterintelligence and intelligence gathering. Moore, who was a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Arizona at Tucson from 2006 to 2011, is well known for his work in the field of security and surveillance.	3.8	2.4	4.4
science	In brief,	In brief, a person who has had two or more strokes is considered to have suffered from multiple stroke syndrome. Score: 10     Title: A new study of the effects of marijuana on human cognition shows that it can cause changes in brain function and cognitive abilities similar to those found when using alcohol as well as other drugs.	4	2.6	3.8
science	In brief,	In brief, this research examined patterns of use across four regions of the US, using the National Survey on Drug Use and Health data. In order to examine the relationship between marijuana use and crime, the data collected were examined in detail from 1990 010 and then from 2010 014. Data Collection  The research sample consisted of a nationally representative random sample of data collected for the first half of 2011.	4	2.6	3.8
science	In brief,	In brief, Windows Server 2008 R2 Enterprise uses a new Group Policy setting to enable automatic Windows Update servicing. The client may choose either an Internet Explorer 9 or Internet Explorer 10 User Experience Profile (XEP) in its trust policy. Internet Explorer 9 UEV from the Microsoft Management Console provides a form of upgrading the computer environment without updating all applications and services which depend on it.	4.6	2.6	3.6
science	In brief,	In brief, scientific expert who has been involved in scientific research. He had been working on the work for five years before he got a call from President Obama who told him that "the science had got it wrong, and we should do a full review of all of the evidence". In short, he was told not to worry - he had received a detailed report from the CIA in May.	4	3.2	4.8
science	In brief,	In brief, this is the first time a group of scientists has managed to show that it can be done. Score: 6     Title: Scientists have discovered that a protein in our body called prolactin may play an important role in regulating blood pressure and other hormones. The findings, published online on May 27 in Nature Genetics, could lead to new treatments for hypertension and diabetes.	2.8	3.8	4.8
science	In brief,	In brief, it is the theory of evolution that the universe was created by the evolutionarily conserved theory of evolution. The theory of evolution has a theory of evolution as its foundation. It was proposed by Richard Dawkins in The Grand Design theory of evolution (1993).	4	3.6	4.4
science	In brief,	In brief, Windows XP Home Server is made of x86 code but incorporates some technology that can be used in 32-bit servers. Even when it's running on an x64 platform, the operating system delivers a more efficient experience than earlier versions.	3	3	5
science	In brief,	In brief, expert scientist Sir David Attenborough has been doing a great deal of research in both the UK and America. He had previously spent some time working on a mission to Mars in the late 1980s, but had never managed to get anything on the other side.	3.6	2.6	3.6
science	In brief,	In brief, a single gene is responsible for the development of schizophrenia in humans, and it appears to be linked with another gene. Score: 12     Flair: Medicine   Title: Scientists have identified new genes that may play an important role in schizophrenia. The study also found evidence that some people who are genetically predisposed to psychosis might actually benefit from taking antipsychotic drugs.	3.8	3.8	4.6
science	In brief,	In brief, it's a method for creating a virtual "super-material" from a single element. It involves an ion molecule and a laser, and can be produced in a lab from materials scientists' data. But it could be used to make drugs.	3.8	3.4	4.2
science	In brief,	In brief, Windows XP SP3 has a more significant security flaw than previous versions of the operating system; by default, Internet Explorer will not be able to handle code-signing for unsigned executable files (unsigned executables). The vulnerability affects all versions and editions of Windows Server 2003, and it has been confirmed to affect all 32-bit versions of NT.	4.6	3.8	3.8
science	In brief,	In brief, scientific scientist. The scientist in the study, Dr. John Cowley, has told PinkNews.org that while he was not born into the St. Louis area, his ancestors have been here at least 1,000 years. The scientists spoke on the phone and in person to 10 women with the Orphanage for Women in St. Louis about their experience.	4.2	3.2	4.8
science	An illustration of	An illustration of the process by which a protein is made from a single amino acid   Score: 8     Title: A new study suggests that the brain may be able to predict how much it will cost in future years based on past behavior. In other words, you can get more bang for your buck if you're not paying too much.	3.8	4	4.2
science	An illustration of	An illustration of the new quantum theory theory of gravity. Image: NASA, ESA, the physics laboratory STT and the physics lab STT. Credit: NASA. The theory of gravity was established in 1843, and the theory of gravity itself was established in 1960.	3.6	3.8	5
science	An illustration of	An illustration of quantum entanglement on the CMB. Credit: Philippe Herremans In a logical puzzle first discovered in 1967, physicists found that while any two particles could be used to create a specific kind of system called "collisions," special kinds of pairings—of photons with light—existed, allowing their contents to spontaneously share an object known as a photon particle.	4	3.6	4.2
science	An illustration of	An illustration of a scientist who has researched research into artificial intelligence. The Royal Society's chief executive, Sir Martin Sorrell, said: "This is an extraordinary new development. "It shows that deep learning can be applied to an area of study which may otherwise be left to the academic world, with its walls of classroom-size computers and whatever the spark of curiosity it may inspire.	3.8	3	4.4
science	An illustration of	An illustration of the effect of a single electron on an atom   Score: 7     Title: Scientists have discovered that when they use carbon nanotubes to make transistors and other nanoscale devices, they can get them working at temperatures as low as -27°C. This is the first time such temperature reduction has been achieved in any semiconductor material.	4	3.4	4.4
science	An illustration of	An illustration of the Earth's magnetic field in the past. Credit: NASA/GSFC/Gravitational Wave Physics Lab/L. L. Smith/University of Colorado Boulder/UCSD/J. M. Pyle (Phys.org)—In the past, the magnetic field of the Earth was mostly stable, and it was possible to observe it from space using a large telescope.	3.8	3.4	4.8
science	An illustration of	An illustration of quantum tunneling used to hold light particles together in a nanostructure. The two particles cannot be seen or manipulated in any way, but they share the same space when there is no contact between them.	3.6	3.6	4.4
science	An illustration of	An illustration of computer scientist John Winter, senior researcher. The team behind NASA's historic Galileo mission and one of the U.S.'s top university research institutions, the California Institute of Technology, has developed a model that uses data from space to model the motion of this object at great accuracy. The new model—described in the journal Nature Communications—feels very different from Galileo's.	4.6	4	3.8
science	An illustration of	An illustration of the effect of a single photon on an atom in quantum mechanics. Score: 7     Flair: Astronomy   Title: The Universe is expanding faster than we thought - A new study suggests that our understanding of how galaxies form may be incomplete. It also shows that, when it comes to galaxies, dark energy might not be as big a factor as previously thought.	3	2.2	4
science	An illustration of	An illustration of a single photon particle, or particle. (credit: Wikipedia) In this article  Quantum Mechanics is the science which deals with particle particles such particles are called particles. Quantum particle Physics refers to the study of particle motion and particles interact with one another. In particle physics particles travel in different particles and the particles are made up of atoms, molecules and particles that interact with each other.	3.6	2.4	4
science	An illustration of	An illustration of quantum teleportation was released by researchers at Stanford University in April 2013. The idea is to send the message from one location to another and without affecting the instant where the data sent (and received) are stored on any device used for copying, like a smartphone or a laptop.	3.2	2.2	3.6
science	An illustration of	An illustration of science-fiction writer John F. Dvorak, journalist and author. He said the astronauts should be allowed to fly for at least a year before they start to get infected.	3.6	2.2	3.8
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, the study found that a large proportion of those who do not have a college degree are working in jobs with low wages and little job security. Score: 8     Title: The new theory for why we get sick is coming out - Scientists at Stanford University say they can explain how our bodies fight off infections by altering proteins on their surface.	3.2	2.2	4.2
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, it is important to understand that the data we collect and store is used by other people to help them perform better. This is true for both physical data such as blood sugar levels and heart data, and also social data such as Facebook likes and likes on Facebook. These data is then used for research and data analysis.	4	2.8	3.4
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, Windows Explorer also supports POP3 and IMAP4 protocols for users who are using Microsoft's Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) feature to gain access. Additionally, you can use Enterprise accounts from Netrak's Management Console to set up additional server roles on the workstations with fully managed settings.	2.6	2.6	3.4
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, expert anthropologist Dr. Christian Fenn, who was chairman of the psychological department at the University of Cambridge, wrote in his book Psychopathic Liars: How the FBI and the CIA Discredit and Fooled Us, that "only by full disclosure to a police officer can an officer be informed about what they are dealing with." There is much to be said for this position.	4.4	2.8	4.8
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, there are some people who have a genetic mutation that causes them to be more sensitive to the effects of alcohol on their body and brain. Score: 11     Title: NASA has just released this incredible image of Saturn’s moon Enceladus in real time - check out the amazing detail here!	3	3.6	4
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, it's the same type of information we are using to determine the temperature of the Earth. We measure the temperatures by measuring the difference in the temperature of water in a glass bottle from room temperature. The temperature difference between water at 0°C, or 0.7°C, and water at 40°C is called the temperature difference between 1C and 40C.	4.2	3.6	4.2
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, Linux Mint uses Openbox as the default window manager. Speaking of which, an important facet of running a 32-bit operating system (and especially a modern distribution like Linux Mint) is that it's expected to be more responsive than its 64-bit cousins.	4.4	3.8	4.2
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, professional psychiatrist Dr. Robert A. Miller, a forensic psychiatrist. During his years as an intelligence analyst, he developed a list of key questions to be answered before an official report would be written that would exonerate the suspects and link them to the attacks.	4.4	4.2	4.8
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, the presence of a protein called PCSK9 in this region may be an important factor that helps to prevent inflammation and damage from other factors such as smoking, diabetes or obesity. Score: 11     Flair: Environment   Title: The world's largest freshwater lake has shrunk by more than half since 1900, according to new research published today in Nature Communications.	3.4	3.6	4.6
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, the number of people who are not aware that they are overweight or obese can have negative consequences for mental health research and treatment. In particular, studies of people's eating patterns and body fat distribution research suggest that the prevalence of obesity and related eating patterns is associated with increased risk for mental health research and treatment research findings.	4.4	3.6	4.8
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, Windows 8.1 will include a variety of enterprise apps, Microsoft execs told analysts yesterday. The firm also says that an entirely new version of Microsoft Office will be available for the next few months after Windows 8.1 launches (according to Livewire).	4	3.6	4.8
science	Furthermore,	Furthermore, scientific researcher Kevin D. Carpenter, PhD. An adjunct professor of psychology at New York University, Dr. Carpenter discovered that the human brain is made of over 400 trillion cells. Each cell is important to the health of the body. These cells must work to maintain blood flow, oxygen and other vital functions of the brain.	4.2	2.8	4
science	The central theme	The central theme of the book is that we are not alone in our universe. Score: 10     Title: A new study finds that people who have a genetic predisposition to heart disease may be more likely than those with an identical genome sequence to develop cardiovascular disease.	3.8	3.2	3.8
science	The central theme	The central theme at the upcoming Democratic National Convention is that the country is on a downward path, with income and wealth inequality at levels that will be catastrophic for the future. It is not clear, however, what a Trump presidency will look like and how it will affect economic growth and the climate. In a new book about climate change, climate scientists have a few ideas.	3.8	3.8	4.4
science	The central theme	The central theme of computer science and the Internet is, "Can we build a communication network?" Social Networks: Social networks were an important factor in early growth and success of the World Wide Web. But a whole genre was developed to help process all that information.	4	3.6	4.6
science	The central theme	The central theme of marine biologist Dario Sarisic, a biochemist. Since they began their research at St Lawrence University in January 2014, researchers in the field have gained great excitement with the development of high-speed cameras and scanning machines for detecting bacteria.	2.8	3.8	4
science	The central theme	The central theme of the book is that we can make our own destiny. Score: 6     Title: A new study shows that the brain processes information differently in men and women - a finding which could help explain why some people are better at multitasking than others.	3.8	3.6	4
science	The central theme	The central theme in this paper concerns the effect on learning processes of a short-term (e.g., one year) intervention. In this context, a short-term experiment is defined as a short duration intervention with a fixed duration duration (e.g., two months) and a random assignment procedure. In the experiment we studied learning of spatial memory, the main task for the research.	4.4	3.6	4.8
science	The central theme	The central theme of computer science is that program errors are inevitable; in other words, you can't avoid them. Some people don't like this approach because it seems inconsistent with the idea of programming computers to be "lesser beings," but the reason I favor it is a simple one: error detection and correction has always been part of computing technology in some form or another since its inception.	3.8	3.6	3.4
science	The central theme	The central theme of academic neuroscientist Howard Roediger, researcher at the University of Illinois. As Roediger recounted to the BBC News programme, he witnessed and described the problem of how research is conducted. It is an extremely popular topic in this field, as was Roediger's previous research with electric shock.	3.8	4	4
science	The central theme	The central theme of this episode is that the more we understand about our own brains, the less likely it seems that there are any hidden "rules" to how they work or what their limits are. Score: 6     Flair: Neuroscience   Title: Brain activity in a mouse model of schizophrenia can be used as an early warning system for mental illness by detecting brain changes related to drug use.	4	3.2	4.4
science	The central theme	The central theme of my book is that of the relationship of economics to science. This book is about the science of science and economics, and the science of science and economics and science. This is a book about science and economics as science, not science and economics, which I believe science is.	4	2.8	4.8
science	The central theme	The central theme of Linux Mint 17.3 Cinnamon is adding a touch screen and refreshing our security engine to ensure that your computer stays safe.	4	3.4	3.8
science	The central theme	The central theme in an American psychology expert has been working for decades to understand human biology. This week, Gérard Péllul, a PhD student at the University of Montreal, is calling for more research into whether and how ageing is important to the health of our bodies and minds.	3.4	2.6	4.2
science	To conclude,	To conclude, the answer to your question is no, but I think it has a lot of merit. Score: 7     Title: The first time an astronaut left Earth for space was in 1962 and he didn't come back until 1972 - what did you do on that day? Text: I'm not sure if this has been done before or not, so I'd like to know. What were some things you'd do?	4.2	3.6	4.2
science	To conclude,	To conclude, our current findings suggest that in the future, a number of new approaches to the management of the climate system and its effects will be necessary to understand the effects of climate change in the context of future climate change, and to develop effective policies and policies measures to address climate change climate change adaptation. References  A climate science research climate science research paper. Science. 2014 Nov 17.	4.4	3.2	4.2
science	To conclude,	To conclude, Linux desktop OSes are generally created as a stepping stone for individuals to create new computers using free software. The advantages of these operating systems may never be fully appreciated and enjoyed by users; however the freedom they provide is undoubtedly worth many times their cost or free-market value (not to mention that such value would have been accumulated by someone who created one of them).	4.2	3.6	3.8
science	To conclude,	To conclude, physical scientist Professor Nick Bostrom. The academic author of "The Singularity Is Near", the only book on the topic of intelligent machines to be published in more than two decades, has been appointed to the 2016 Nobel Prize in physics.	4.4	3	5
science	To conclude,	To conclude, I would like to thank all the people who took time out of their day to read this post. The amount of support and love that you have shown me has been amazing. Score: 28     Title: Why do some scientists think humans are on a path towards extinction?	3.4	3.8	3.6
science	To conclude,	To conclude, we have seen that the rate of change in the mean temperature of the oceans is not constant. The rate of change in average temperature, however, can be measured using data from ocean temperature observations. The data are used to calculate sea temperature anomalies from temperature observations. This data data is a data set that includes temperature data for surface temperature data from weather stations temperature temperature observations.	3.8	3	5
science	To conclude,	To conclude, Microsoft Visual Studio Express 2012 Redistributable was released recently with some great performance improvements which are gaining interest among developers and users alike. One thing which developers should keep in mind is that when a game such as Battlefield 3 may run slowly at the lowest settings or after an update and it will require more processing power.	3.4	3.6	4
science	To conclude,	To conclude, neuroscientist J. Robert Evans. The University of Otago's professor of neurobiology, who has studied humans and dogs for 25 years. He said: "There are so many neurons and proteins in the brain, which we don't even know what they do. I don't believe they are even in all the neurons."	3.6	2.6	4.8
science	To conclude,	To conclude, the scientific community has been forced to acknowledge that climate change is real, and it will continue to get worse in coming decades. Score: 16     Title: The Universe Is a Really Big Place - A new study suggests our universe could be as big as 13.8 billion light years across. This would make it one of the largest structures ever seen.	3.2	2.6	4.4
science	To conclude,	To conclude, this research indicates that the use of electronic cigarette devices in the home has a positive impact on health and that this positive effect is associated with reduced use of tobacco products. The results are also in relation to e-cigarette technology adoption research. Future research is required to assess the effect of e-cigarette technology on smoking cessation research data.	4.2	3	4.4
science	To conclude,	To conclude, Microsoft launched a new Developer Channel for Windows 10 Mobile. I wish to remind you all that the platform is not dead and by using the proper tools and techniques you'll be able to get your hands on it in no time. Thanks if this helped!	4.2	2.8	3.6
science	To conclude,	To conclude, senior scientist Dr. Peter Terrier. The Centre for Ecology and Hydrology has been giving a hand to the team over the past few years and this week they released the latest in a series of updates and analyses, focusing on key aspects of the research, including the discovery of a third food source for an increasingly complex peatland ecosystem that could change its social, economic and climate role.	4.4	3	4.6
science	The key aspect	The key aspect of this research is that the researchers were able to create a "virtual body" in which they could control and manipulate their own body using only brain signals - something not possible with current technology. Score: 21     Title: Researchers have discovered how people can make themselves feel better by thinking about other people. They found that when you think of someone else your thoughts are more likely to be positive than negative.	3.4	3.2	4.4
science	The key aspect	The key aspect in all these debates is the notion that science is a matter of science, not science theory. This is an essential part of science theory and the science theory itself. In science theory, we study science theory, science theory theories science theory theories. In science theory theory theory, we study theories in science theory theory theories theories theories.	4	2.8	4.4
science	The key aspect	The key aspect defining Linux is stability and predictability. I don't mind tinkering, but if you have some tool or platform that comes up frequently in your development efforts, maybe a fork would be better than maintaining the original code base and adding new features with every minor release.	3.6	2.6	3.8
science	The key aspect	The key aspect of research scientist Alan D. Williams. The researchers began to test the idea that the brain is flexible and can easily be made into different shapes and sizes to better fit specific roles.	3.2	3.4	4.8
science	The key aspect	The key aspect of the new study is that it shows how a single cell can be made to grow in an environment with different levels of nutrients. Score: 10     Title: Scientists have found evidence for protein molecules called “sialic acids on all kinds of proteins - even those that don’t need them. This means they could potentially play a role in human disease and lead to better treatments or vaccines against them.	3.8	3.2	4.8
science	The key aspect	The key aspect of the study is that the data were analyzed by two distinct methods that were designed and implemented independently from each other and from other research studies of diet and obesity, which is one of the main objectives of epidemiological research. Data analysis was carried out experimentally in experiment experiments with experiment experiments. The data used were data collected from a number of different experiments.	4	2.8	5
science	The key aspect	The key aspect technology brings is intelligently and continually searching for crime scenes, identifying known crimes and hiding potentially unwanted items for up to ten hours. Furthermore, devices can record data anywhere that they are seen by citizens who don't necessarily realize how the tech's powering them.	4	2.6	4.8
science	The key aspect	The key aspect of a research scientist who has been told of the latest research. Dr Alexei Rozhkov said: 'It's the first time, for anyone, that the whole concept of MRI imaging has come to light. 'We have to make sure that it's safe. The doctors and scientists involved must be able to do a lot with this technology and I think they will.	3.6	2.8	4.4
science	The key aspect	The key aspect of the new study is that it was conducted in a large population where there are many different kinds of people who have had previous experiences with psychedelics and also those who haven't. Score: 10     Title: New evidence shows why your body hates you when you're sick - if you get sick, even just for a few days, your immune system attacks its own cells to try and fight off infection.	4	3.2	4.8
science	The key aspect	The key aspect of the study was the ability to measure the impact of different types of interventions and the effects of these interventions on the development of cognitive and behavioral skills of young adult males. The study included two control groups. The control group consisted of young controls who had never been exposed to tobacco control.	4	3.6	4.8
science	The key aspect	The key aspect defining Linux as a viable open-source platform is its complete lack of proprietary applications, which has always been considered by free software enthusiasts to be essential for the success of any system. Open source proponents thus fiercely oppose proprietary software, and now go so far as to limit their use entirely in order not to create something that can only be pirated (read: shut down).	4.4	3.6	4.6
science	The key aspect	The key aspect of an expert science scientist scientists from the university has said. Dr Adam Grant, who worked as a researcher for the US-based National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) from 1989 to 1993, said he had never seen a case of a scientist withdrawing from study. However, the University of Rochester School of Medicine says he has never withdrawn.	4	2.6	4.6
science	Prior to this	Prior to this study, the only way we knew of how much water was in our bodies and what it did for us were studies that measured blood pressure or heart rate. Now, scientists have discovered a new method of measuring these things called " capillary electrophoresis. " This is where they use special bacteria ( e.g.	4	2.6	4.4
science	Prior to this	Prior to this study, no systematic review of cannabis studies conducted on human subjects was available. We performed a meta-analysis of cannabis and psychometric data data, using data from the current study. RESULTS  The results show statistically significant differences between the data obtained from the data from the current study and data from previous reviews (Table 1 data).	4	2.6	4.6
science	Prior to this	Prior to this software upgrade, you might not notice any significant changes but if you need a quick look at your game's graphics settings, then the latest update will be of great help. It can improve many aspects like game play clarity and precision in games such as Titanfall 2 and Overwatch.	3.6	2.6	4.4
science	Prior to this	Prior to this scientific debate, who was an expert scientist. He took me to a series of hearings in 2008 and 2009, and in a sense, I may be giving some of the ideas of scientific violence a rather cynical run. So it's important for people to remember that even if we don't approve of it, science and all its logical investigations is something we can take seriously.	4.2	2.2	4.6
science	Prior to this	Prior to this discovery, the only known instance of a human being having sex with an animal was in Ancient Egypt where it is said that King Tutankhamun had intercourse with his pet cat. Score: 17     Title: The world's first true 3D printed car has been built - and it's pretty awesome.	2.8	3.4	4.6
science	Prior to this	Prior to this year, I have been using a variety of devices to capture my thoughts and feelings about my daily commute in San Francisco. I have been able to record data, like the speed of my bus (which varies depending on the route), and the speed at which I walk (which varies depending on the city).	3.2	3.2	4.4
science	Prior to this	Prior to this Canon lens, Nikon users would typically opt for their well known optical designs, but not with lenses as wide as that. This actually puts Canon on the front foot when it comes to DSLR photographers looking for lenses outside of the centre zoom and prime focal lengths.	3.8	3.4	4.6
science	Prior to this	Prior to this interview, senior scientist at the British Medical Association (BMA). The paper, published in the journal Nature, looked at how exercise capacity changed over time in a man who had never exercised before. It found that for the young man, the nature of his exercise training was very different to his usual exercise.	3.8	2.6	4.8
science	Prior to this	Prior to this discovery, the only known cases of an animal with a complete nervous system were in primates. Score: 24     Flair: Medicine   Title: A new study has found that when people are exposed to radiation from medical imaging centers, their risk for developing cancer increases by 50 percent. The findings could help explain why there is such high rates of lung cancer, which kills about 50,000 Americans every year.	3.4	3.2	4.6
science	Prior to this	Prior to this year's election, it was believed that the SNP would have been able to hold its own in Scotland, particularly given the relative success of the Labour Party. However, the party's failure to win an electoral majority at Westminster led to a severe reduction in support, particularly in rural Scotland.	4	2.6	3.6
science	Prior to this	Prior to this patent lawsuit, Microsoft had been selling Windows licensing plans through Intuit Inc., while also offering a similar program in its AT&T digital storefront for its Surface tablet. Apple's iPad runs on the Apple-made A4 chip made by Samsung Electronics Co.	2.8	2.8	4
science	Prior to this	Prior to this year-long research institute, a British biologist. Prof Sir Richard Dawkins (pictured above), a religious theorist, is in America to join a growing group of religious leaders who have been outspoken in their support of same-sex marriage.	4.2	2.4	3.2
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the four main components of a healthy diet (protein, carbohydrate, fat and fiber), but you can also get more nutrients from other sources such as fruits and vegetables. Score: 7     Title: What is the most likely explanation for why humans evolved to be so good at languages? The answer may lie in our ability to use language as an aid for survival.	4.2	2.2	4.6
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the following points:  1. We do not recommend that individuals take any medications for anxiety disorders without consulting their healthcare provider. 2. Individuals with anxiety disorder should be treated with appropriate mental healthcare professionals and/or appropriate medication.	3.6	3	4.4
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are wireless capabilities and range, wireless charging capability, touchscreen functionality and intuitive customisation  Performance targeted at a smart economy consumer audience targeting business buyers with high end users in mind. The display looks powerful enough to handle the displays on most desktop computers including full HD resolution devices but also a 15 inches laptop with multi-touch integration.	3.4	2.6	4
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are-trained expert scientist - neuroscientist  Karen Dalton, whose role in the investigation was performed by Jonathan Gluckman  Prof David Wilkins at the University of Cambridge  A UK court has ruled that a man who had three aids was not entitled to a second chance.	3.4	3	4
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the two different kinds of “races that exist in our society. Score: 7     Title: The first ever study to show how much a person’s weight can affect their health has been published.	3.6	3.8	3.4
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the changes seen by the brain in response to the experimental treatments. These include increased activity in regions associated with reward (e.g. medial prefrontal cortex), memory (e.g. medial amygdala), and the control network, such as the nucleus accumbens and hippocampus.	3.4	3.2	4
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are wireless technologies that allow various types of sensors, including sophisticated radio-frequency identification and ranging (RFID) badges, to be deployed in the vehicles as individual markers. The protective mechanisms can be chosen from a range of available standards which automatically prompt passersby to identify them by voice or by their distinctive silver paint coat patterns.	3.6	3.4	4
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are neuroscientist Richard Lewontin, who is now at the Centre for Neural Information Theory (CNET) at the University of Oxford. Professor Lewontin told the BBC's Newsnight programme: "I think it's a bold thing to do to try to create a 'human enhancement' such as someone with intellectual abilities."	4.2	2.8	4.8
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the two major factors that influence our decision-making process. Score: 10     Title: New research shows how a single gene can control many aspects of human behavior, including sexual orientation, criminal behavior and even social behavior. The findings could lead to new treatments for disorders like schizophrenia or autism.	4	3.2	4.8
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are the results of the survey. In total, the study sample was 1,084 adults in Australia and New Zealand (data collected in 2008). We excluded data data on gender and race data. We included data from the National data series data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics, the Australian census data series (data in ABS data tables) and data from the Census data series data from Statistics New Zealand.	3.8	4	4.4
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are Web browsers, e-commerce sites, social networks and online communities such as YouTube or Twitter. Symptoms of white hat hacking include peeking through a flaw in an application; for example accessing the content without consent (malicious) or carrying out malicious actions (criminal).	3.8	3	3.8
science	Emphasised are	Emphasised are scientist and businessman. Scientists who have been studying the effect of microchipping on human brains, who have treated brain-damaged people and are now studying the effect on autistic people, told a British medical conference this month that humans with severe forms of autism could already be killed by the development of microchips.	3.2	3.2	4.6
science	To summarise	To summarise the story - The process of photosynthesis is very efficient at converting solar energy into chemical energy. However, it does not work in reverse and so we are using a lot more fossil fuels to get this same amount of fuel out than what would be possible without it.	4	3.6	5
science	To summarise	To summarise:  A group of men are invited to a dinner party where they are invited to participate by drinking vodka with other men. They drink vodka and discuss a series of subjects. The subject at hand involves drinking vodka. After drinking the alcohol, one of the men asks for an extension of the time he spent drinking vodka.	4.6	3	4.2
science	To summarise	To summarise Java EE 9 as an enterprise feature, you should wait until November for it to arrive. This is because the other big releases (Go 1.0 and CSP 2) have not made their way into production yet: Go doesn't make much use of this framework while the CSP has minor changes since both releases were released in 2013.	4.2	3.8	5
science	To summarise	To summarise medical expert Dr. W. T. Christian Dr. W. T. Christian was born in 1845, in the Netherlands. His father was a missionary who was chosen by God to carry out His mission of bringing peace to the world. He then left home in 1858 and moved to England, where he became a religious minister.	4.2	2.8	4.4
science	To summarise	To summarise the above : * A superconductor is a material that has an electric field, but no magnetic fields. It's not like a magnet - it doesn't attract or repel anything and can conduct electricity without resistance ( although it may be affected by magnetism ). So when you put two magnets in contact with each other, they will produce some kind of current.	3	2.4	4.2
science	To summarise	To summarise what I wrote about the study:  1) The effect on the number of patients in the study is large, but the sample size is small, and there is not enough data to draw any conclusions. 2) The results are consistent with the hypothesis that patients with schizophrenia are more likely to be male. The results are similar for both sexes, but the effect varies between the sexes.	3.8	2.4	4.8
science	To summarise	To summarise Windows XP Tech Preview 4.0 :* Fixed some more bugs in diagnostics window,such as fixing the crash on visual shell dialogs.	3.8	2.4	4.6
science	To summarise	To summarise medical expert Dr. Dr. Gajendra Singh, who spoke to Prenatantra Medical College in the Delhi capital on Tuesday. Dr. Singh's comments come after some Indian medical papers that have been published suggested that a significant proportion of babies born with Down syndrome are naturally born with the condition.	4.2	2.6	4.4
science	To summarise	To summarise : there is a lot of noise in the data, and we don't know what it means. Comment: The big question here is how to define " zero probability events ". If you're talking about something that happens once every 100 years or so ( like an asteroid hitting Earth ) then yes, they are zero - chance but not necessarily impossible.	3.8	2.4	4
science	To summarise	To summarise, there is a significant amount of evidence to indicate that the effects of alcohol use on the brain have not changed significantly in the last 30 years. We have shown that the data are consistent, in that studies have demonstrated no differences in the effects of alcohol research, research on alcohol consumption and research on research data.	4	2.8	4
science	To summarise	To summarise sci.optics By creating a laser image it doesn't matter which direction the photons are coming from, just how quickly they get to you in that direction; when they reach you it's really a calculation for getting to more information about your surroundings.	3	2.8	4.4
science	To summarise	To summarise one British scientist. One British scientist has said he was astonished at the discovery that DNA found on the body of a prehistoric hunter was the result of human-animal sexual intercourse. Dr Owen Baker, an expert on paleontology, wrote in a paper entitled "Genetic evidence of sexual contact between wild and domestic mammals" that he was shocked at the research.	3.4	3	4.2
science	The relationship	The relationship between the number of people who die in a car accident and the amount of money spent on safety improvements is not just about how many cars are involved, but also whether or not they have seatbelts. Score: 27     Title: Scientists discover new type of bacteria that can survive without oxygen for days at a time. This bacterium has never been seen before and could help scientists understand why we need oxygen.	4	2.8	4.8
science	The relationship	The relationship between the human body and the environment is changing at an astounding rate and we can help change our surroundings by adopting sustainable practices. This guide will guide you through a variety of environmental concerns for people living within and around urban centers. What is the climate change issue? What is the energy source issue?	4.2	3	4.8
science	The relationship	The relationship between viruses and bacteria on surfaces (which may be too small for detection) must now also be considered in biohazard studies. Several recent studies suggest that surfaces naturally harbor microbes, although the organisms themselves are seldom detectable [67, 68].	4.4	2	5
science	The relationship	The relationship expert Alan Smith, who is scientific advisor to the National Academy of Sciences (NAS). They have been embroiled in a bitter court battle over his claims that he was told a "high degree" of scam to influence a chair of the Australian Senate. A court case by Smith is due to be heard on November 4.	4.8	3.4	4.2
science	The relationship	The relationship between the size of a fish and its ability to grow is one that has intrigued scientists for years. Score: 12     Title: New research shows that even in the most extreme environments, living things can still have an effect on their environment.	3.8	2.2	5
science	The relationship	The relationship between a child and their biological father is often described as an "actional" relationship. It involves both genetic and biological factors. Genetic factors play important roles, such as the development of the brain and immune system, the regulation of the immune system and of the immune cells themselves, and the expression of certain genes. These genes are the ones that control the development and maintenance of cells and molecules.	3.8	3.6	4.8
science	The relationship	The relationship between viruses and cell survival is thus much more complex than commonly thought. Small RNAs, like small proteins in virus-host interactions, can trigger further changes that ultimately promote survival of the infected cells." The immunological review also notes that cellular respiratory cascades prevent infection while DNA repair processes either help the cell survive infection or generate viral resistance."	4	2.2	4.8
science	The relationship	The relationship scientist at the University of International Studies (MOAS), said he was "outraged" to discover his name was among those included on a list of 91 students with appalling behaviour in an incident last year.	4	2.4	4.2
science	The relationship	The relationship between the amount of time a person spends looking at an image and their level of narcissism has been found in both men and women. Score: 7     Flair: Environment   Title: New study finds that climate change could lead to more extreme weather events like floods or droughts as temperatures rise by up to 2°C over preindustrial levels potentially triggering food shortages and other environmental impacts.	3.6	3.2	5
science	The relationship	The relationship between the human brain's response to visual input and the perception of a color image was investigated in rats with different visual stimulus parameters (e.g., brightness, intensity) (Figure 4). The experiment was performed for the first time in rats with a color temperature (Fig. S5), and also in the first experimental conditions (n = 5).	3.4	3.2	4.4
science	The relationship	The relationship between viruses and bacteria is complex, but a close connection has been suspected for several years now. Scientists working in the area of viral/bacterial interactions have long recognised that two viruses (Δoviruses) called allosporins sometimes both attack bacterial membranes, which the viruses disguise as shape changes of different shapes they pick up from nearby host cell walls or bodies.	3.8	3.4	4.8
science	The relationship	The relationship of national university scientists. "Dr. Joseph Palcini, a researcher at the University of Arizona and director of the NICHD grant that funded the project, is perhaps best known for his groundbreaking work with electrons in solar cells, which has been cited several times in recent controversies.	4.2	2.4	4
science	More importantly,	More importantly, it was discovered that the original test tube had been contaminated with a strain of bacteria which causes cancer in mice. Score: 10     Title: The first ever study to show an increase in brain size when mice are given antibiotics has found evidence for antibiotic resistance and suggests further research is needed on how this happens.	4	2.8	4.2
science	More importantly,	More importantly, he's been the face of a movement that has made scientific research available to all researchers. That includes scientists working at universities, government labs and hospitals. He is the first scientist to be funded by government grants or funding from scientific research. Dr. Paley has also made scientific research available to everyone through his blog.	4.4	3.6	4.6
science	More importantly,	More importantly, Microsoft claims that a lack of unified apps has resulted in slower and less reliable task switching on Windows 10 Mobile compared to past versions. It's also an excuse Microsoft could definitely use after the company released last week what it was claiming as the first ever app release via Xbox Live for all Windows 10 devices.	4.4	3.6	4.2
science	More importantly,	More importantly, academic researcher Dr. Dan T. Wolf. (Photo: Internet Archive/PuzzlerBot)  The researchers, who have been studying the effects of Facebook and other social networks, have identified about 30,000 instances of fake news and phony posts to be included in their study. Each false or bogus post costs readers $5.	4	2.4	4.8
science	More importantly,	More importantly, we have a lot of data to work with and it seems like the best way for us to understand how our bodies are responding is through this kind of research. Score: 14     Title: The Hubble Space Telescope has found that galaxies in clusters form from gas clouds around young stars much more quickly than previously believed. This discovery could help astronomers better predict when new star formation will start on Earth.	4.2	2.8	4.4
science	More importantly,	More importantly, it is clear that climate change is already happening, and the science is there to prove it. The science is in fact well established that climate change is happening. The science is that climate science is science. The science is that climate science is science.	4.6	3	4.8
science	More importantly,	More importantly, Microsoft claims that Windows Defender AV is even better than its predecessor. The new version checks for potential flaws in web apps and protects the same.NET assemblies as before (though with smaller coverage), which reduces service instability and significantly improves page load times—and performance benefits should be pretty significant too.	4	3	4.4
science	More importantly,	More importantly, scientific research scientist who is academic scientist. In a piece for the Guardian, Dr David Spergel reports that Mr. Hengel's new paper was published on 25 April in the scientific journal PLOS Biology.	4.6	2	4.8
science	More importantly,	More importantly, it is a great example of how the media can be used to manipulate public opinion. Score: 10     Title: The most common type of brain tumor in children and young adults has been identified by researchers at Stanford University School of Medicine. It appears that people who have had one or more strokes are almost three times as likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than those with no strokes.	4.2	3	4.2
science	More importantly,	More importantly, they can also help identify and monitor potential problems. "A lot of our studies are focused on how people react to environmental data," says study senior author Michael Trenberth. "We're interested in how they use it how can we measure them?"	4.2	2	4.4
science	More importantly,	More importantly, Microsoft Developer Network Conference live streaming has been announced and will feature talks by Mark Russinovich from EA about mobile apps development and Carlos Oviedo from Facebook today. We'll continue to highlight other sessions during the live sessions throughout the day here on this page - stay tuned for more details!	4.4	2.2	4.8
science	More importantly,	More importantly, scientific leader Dr. Robert F. Bostrom, member of the US National Academy of Sciences, who was awarded a Nobel Prize for his work on the fundamental structure of the universe. But Dr Fosdick was alarmed by what he saw as 'another gross error'.	3	3	4.6
science	It has been shown	It has been shown that the body can easily adapt to a high fat diet by changing its metabolism, which is why people who are obese often have more energy than those of normal weight. Score: 7     Title: A new study suggests that exercise may be beneficial for brain health and cognitive function in older adults. The study, published today in PLOS ONE, found that exercising at least three times per week could help improve memory and mental function.	4.2	2.8	3.2
science	It has been shown	It has been shown that, after a traumatic experience, people are more likely to feel that the pain they felt is real. This is known as the psychobiological model of pain. It is also known as the psychophysics of experience. In this paper, we present the neuroanatomic theory of pain and examine its relevance to the neurophysiology of brain function.	3.8	3.2	4.2
science	It has been shown	It has been shown a computer scientist using scanning techniques can create "electronic signatures" of any sentence or speech. He learned how to scan 20 percent of a New York Times article for documents during 30 seconds, and the process may be able to detect texts in that same length.	4	3	4.4
science	It has been shown	It has been shown in neuroscientist Andrej Karpathy. The research will be published in the latest issue of The Lancet, the medical journal, which is co-published with the New England Journal of Medicine. One of Karpathy's key findings is that certain drugs are meant to relieve pain, whereas others are meant to bring about increased pleasure.	4	3.2	3.6
science	It has been shown	It has been shown that the more you can get into your head with a drug or device, the less likely it is to be effective. Score: 7     Title: The world record for longest human lifespan was set in 2007 when Japanese man Tadaaki Maruyama lived at least 122 years and 6 months.	3.6	3.8	4
science	It has been shown	It has been shown that the presence of a particular chemical element in a compound increases the probability of its formation by chemical reactions involving other elements. These processes are termed reaction catalytic processes. In this chapter we introduce reactions involving the addition of elements, such as oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen and phosphorus to a compound and show the chemical reaction of chemical elements as a chemical reaction in reaction catalytic processes.	3.8	3	4.2
science	It has been shown	It has been shown to speed machine learning algorithms, creating a burst of activity that stimulates deep learning in the neural network. When this is combined with adversarial training, artificial neural networks are able to make faster decisions than they could do on their own."	3.6	3.8	3.2
science	It has been shown	It has been shown by scientists at the National Institute of Mathematical Sciences (NIMS), which is funded by the US National Science Foundation (NSF) and other funding agencies to see what happens to statistical data when it is misused or when the data is not analyzed properly. One of the researchers from NIMS, Robert Murray, wrote a blog post about it, and posted a link to it.	3.6	3	4
science	It has been shown	It has been shown that the more time a person spends in an environment with other people, the better their memory is. Score: 28     Flair: Environment   Title: Researchers have discovered how to create a "solar cell" from ordinary materials -- and it could one day be used as part of new energy storage systems. The researchers say they are now working on creating devices based entirely on carbon nanotubes.	3.8	2.6	5
science	It has been shown	It has been shown experimentally that the human brain is able to process information in a variety of different ways. The brain's information processing is controlled by several types of synapses, each of which can receive, process, and process another. A synapse is a collection of chemical molecules that carry information across a chemical link.	4	3	5
science	It has been shown	It has been shown how viruses can be easily transmitted between individuals without any obvious symptoms being associated with the activity. The biological effects of many influenza virus strains in common use now are unknown and have to be interpreted on a case by case basis.	3.8	3	5
science	It has been shown	It has been shown that neuroscientist John Dickerson. Researchers from the University of California, Los Angeles, have now been able to compare all possible explanations of how the brain is developed.	3.2	2.4	4.2
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the effect of a single molecule in the atmosphere that is not part of any known climate system. Score: 10     Title: New research suggests that women are more likely to be abused by their husbands than men are, and this may explain why they don't report abuse as often.	3.8	2.8	4.6
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on three areas of expertise:  How much does a person's knowledge of science matter? What can scientists do to improve their understanding? How do people understand information? This article was originally published March 22, 2013.	4.6	3	4.4
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on browser privacy practices and the so-called 'right to be forgotten' ruling. "Google must take urgent action to ensure that this decision is not distorted in a way which undermines trust in its services," added the letter, signed by such groups as Privacy International and Sense about Data.	4.6	2.6	3.4
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on scientist, journalist. Journalist and author Prof. Marta D'Souza said, in a video response to a question on whether or not researchers working at the Broad Institute of Harvard University should be required to live with the two men who had tested negative for cannabis on a motorcycle. "It's all about the money," she said.	3.2	3	4.8
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the lack of a direct link between CO2 and global warming in recent decades. Score: 8     Title: A new study suggests that people with ADHD are more likely to have depression, which could explain why they may be less able to cope than those without ADHD.	3	3	5
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the way data science and machine learning are used in science data science (see also the blog posts). Data science is the scientific research and engineering discipline concerned with data analysis and data visualization. Machine learning is the study of machine-learning algorithms and data analysis. What does machine learning and data science look like?	4	3	4
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on Windows XP SP3 (which was released in 2001) and how many people still use it. Notable supporters include Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz and Google co-founder Sergey Brin not exactly Silicon Valley heavyweights.	2.4	2.6	5
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on Professor of Applied Mathematics (MIT) academic Michael Geist. He had conducted the extensive and detailed research on the various ways in which quantum physics plays out in our everyday lives. The paper is published in Physical Review Letters, which is published by the American Physical Society. Here is a summary of the work.	4.4	2.8	4.6
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the fact that a few months ago I was told by my doctor to stop taking any medications for about 3 weeks. Now I'm back in school and need to take some medicine again. Score: 10     Title: A new study suggests that people who are more religious tend to be healthier than those who aren't religious. This is surprising because religion has been linked with health problems such as obesity, heart disease, depression, suicide, and more.	4.2	2.2	4.2
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on the "new" science of climate change. "In the new science of climate change, you can be sure that you're being lied to," said former vice-president Al Gore, who is a leading science writer and climate scientist. "You are lying to us about climate science."	4.2	2.4	4.6
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on antivirus software being updated too frequently without sufficient user or industry awareness, the manual claimed. It alleged that software updates now require users to restart their computer in order for them to update as fast as new bugs are found. This can add significant time to a security patch cycle and disrupt businesses' vital productivity.	3.8	2.2	4
science	The issue focused on	The issue focused on scientist at the Harvard University. "You are going to hear a lot about the role of climate change and that humans are creating it. Well, I believe that there is more to it than that," said May.	3.6	2	4.4
science	In this essay	In this essay I will be presenting a new and more general version of the old theory that has been around for many years, but is now being shown to have some serious problems. Score: 9     Title: The first experiment on an extraterrestrial object that can detect life in its own solar system could begin as early as next year.	3.8	2.2	4.2
science	In this essay	In this essay we discuss what constitutes a "scientific theory"? How is the idea of a theory defined? How do we decide whether a theory is scientific or not? How should one judge science?	4.4	2	4.6
science	In this essay	In this essay we'll introduce you to S3LoadGame and will explore some of its features including what games it can process. This article is hosted on CodeForest's Blog, which offers both free and paid service so that interested members can try their hands at deploying their applications for testing with the API built by AWS."	3.8	2	4
science	In this essay	In this essay published by Stanford psychologist, neuroscientist and assistant professor of psychology Nafeez Ahmed. His findings should surprise no one. The first important piece of evidence he presented in the context of banning Tor is his and other experts' conclusion that the Tor network does not provide legitimate economic or legal services.	3.4	4	4.2
science	In this essay	In this essay we will discuss the basic concepts of quantum field theory and how it relates to modern physics. Score: 8     Title: The most powerful particle accelerator in history is now running on a single electron - an unprecedented feat that could help scientists understand more about what makes up matter.	3.8	3	4.2
science	In this essay	In this essay I will explain what exactly is and how to get the results that the data scientists are interested in and how to interpret them. For a thorough explanation of statistics, please see my previous blog posts. Data Science  A data sciences field is an science that investigates, uses or collects data about the world, processes it and makes predictions about its future use.	3.4	2.6	4.6
science	In this essay	In this essay Tobias Wedekind explores concepts from Hegel's Logic, his critique of Kant, and the development of philosophy in mid-20th century Germany. He contends that many modern philosophers find their philosophical origins among the insights for which Marx fought - both in Germany and abroad."	4.2	2.8	4
science	In this essay	In this essay-known psychological expert, a journalist who has spent much of his career in science. Is this an ancient Stoic way to put it? Does it even apply to modern times?	3.6	3.2	5
science	In this essay	In this essay we examine the effects of social media on how people make decisions, and what can be done to change that. Score: 6     Flair: Psychology   Title: New study finds that the more you use Facebook or other online services, the less likely you are to trust your own judgement about whether a decision is right for you. The findings suggest there may not actually be any inherent bias in our decision-making processes.	4.4	3	4.8
science	In this essay	In this essay, the author, author's husband, and two of his students describe research and analysis that suggests there may be more research to be done on the topic of the brain science of science. Science has been a major science for a long time and science has always been science. Science has been research, research and research research research.	4	2.6	4.4
science	In this essay	In this essay  Microsoft developed Visual Studio 2008 in the development environment for the.NET Framework. It uses features of Microsoft's C/C++, along with those supported by its compiler and other tools, to compile Win32 applications into full-blown Windows applications.	3.8	3.2	4.6
science	In this essay	In this essay, a neuroscientist who studies neurobiology. Dr. Michael T. Muller, one of the world's leading neuroscientists, told National Geographic News he was struck by how he felt as he reviewed the institute's papers on the efficacy of T-cells and other brain-stimulating factors.	4.4	3	4.6
